2017-01-03
Why Apple, Inc. Stock Gained 11% in 2016 What happened

Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) finished 2016 strong, gaining about 5.8%. The nice increase toward the end of the year helped the stock clock a 10.9% rise during the year, according to data provided by S&P Global Market Intelligence. While the increase is notable, investors should put the move into perspective by considering that the S&P 500 increased by about the same amount during this period.

So what

Apple's gain for the year didn't come without some volatility. In May, the stock had fallen about 12.5% as investors considered the implications of the company's falling revenue and earnings per share. Concern particularly mounted after Apple reported its fiscal second-quarter results in April, highlighting a 13% year-over-year decline in revenue and an 18% year-over-year decline in earnings per share. Investors also questioned the company's ability to grow revenue and EPS from current levels.

But as the year went on, signs that Apple's iPhone 7 launch may be faring well, optimism about the company's 2017 iPhone launch, and Samsung's Note 7 recall all gave investors reasons to be more optimistic -- not to mention Apple's conservative stock price, which arguably already prices in business growth headwinds.

Now what

Going into 2017, the best thing Apple stock has going for it is its valuation. The stock trades with a price-to-earnings ratio of just 14. This compares to the average 25 P/E of stocks in the S&P 500. While it's impossible to speculate where the stock will go in 2017, Apple stock looks compelling with a valuation like this. Apple: 200 Billion Reasons To Ignore The Nikkei iPhone Report By Scott Tzu

News out of the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) camp last week was that Nikkei was reporting a 10% cut in iPhone production heading into the New Year. In an exclusive that Nikkei wrote late last week, they reported,

Apple will trim production of its iPhone family around 10% on the year in the first quarter of 2017, according to calculations by The Nikkei based on data from suppliers. This comes after the company slashed output in January-March 2016 due to accumulated inventory of the iPhone 6s line at the end of 2015. That experience led Apple to curb production of the iPhone 7, introduced in September, by around 20%. But the phones still have sold more sluggishly than expected. Information on production of the latest models and global sales suggests cuts in both the 7 and 7 Plus lines in the coming quarter.

Immediately this sent shockwaves through Apple stock as it started to move lower on volume when the news was released late last week. It has also gone to further a lot of bearish arguments about the company as detractors and shorts wish to push the narrative that Apple is only a smartphone company and that the company has found itself supersaturated and unable to move phones the way that it once was. Fun narrative, but complete nonsense.

We disagree with these negative sentiments and believe that Apple remains one of the best values on Wall Street. we wanted to take a couple of minutes and explain why we think the Nikkei report is not a big deal and also why a one time repatriation allowance for corporations could see Apple move hundreds of billions of dollars into the United States that they could then use for a number of purposes, the most notable of which would be returning it to shareholders.

First, to address the Nikkei report. As you may or may not recall, Nikkei issued a similar report last year claiming that production needed to be cut 10% heading into 2016, as well. Without even addressing the fact that Apple was not in the meat of a major product refresh cycle, the iPhone then went to on to produce positive year-over-year growth from 2015 to 2016 in the first quarter. 9 to 5 Mac reported in January of 2016,

Apple reported $75.9b in revenue, $18.4b in profit, 74.8m iPhones sold, 16.1m iPads sold, and 5.3m Macs sold. Although the October through December period was probably a stacked quarter for Apple Watches sales, the company doesn't break out category sales for that product for "competitive" reasons. That compares to $51.5 billion in revenue, $11.1 billion in profit, 48m iPhones, 9.8m iPads, and 5.7m Macs reported in the previous quarter. During the same holiday quarter a year prior, Apple reported $74.6b in revenue, $18 billion in profit, 74.4m iPhones, 21.4m iPads, and 5.5m Macs for comparison. Analysts were predicting around $76.6b in revenue, 75m iPhones, 17.3m iPads, and 5.8m Macs.

If Apple can see the same type of growth moving into 2017, iPhone estimates would handily beat expectations, we estimate.

Lest we also forget that this "exclusive" was based on estimates and not a source. Nikkei sourced their story "according to calculations by The Nikkei based on data from suppliers."

Let us also not forget that we are in a lull before a major product refresh. Expectations were extremely low for the iPhone 7 as most Apple fanatics and analysts were already focused on the iPhone 8. We wrote an entire article about this, talking about how the market had glazed over the potential for the iPhone 7 and was already focused on the next major upgrade, set to come within the next year. In that article, we stated,

Throughout the iPhone 7 news cycle so far, all we have been hearing about is the iPhone 8. We have heard about how much better it is going to be and we have heard that it will be the upgrade worth waiting for. We look forward to fantastic sales and an upgrade worth getting excited about from Apple with the iPhone 8, but what does that mean for us now? But it really looks as though the iPhone 8 is the model that both consumers and (more importantly) the media are going to be looking for. People are looking for that stunning design upgrade, perhaps incorporating a curved screen or a front phone face where almost all of the surface area is display. Those seekers will have to wait for the next iteration of the iPhone.

So with the iPhone 7 we have a phone that wasn't even supposed to be much of a hit to begin with. It smashed initial expectations when Apple came out and noted that it was selling extraordinarily well and all we are seeing here is a similar report from Nikkei like we saw heading into last year, the likes of which was not a terribly bad year for Apple. It was a year in which the media ate some crow on iPhone. That crow eating looked like this,

It is true that the law of large numbers applies to this company because they are such a plentiful and robust manufacturer of smartphones, but that doesn't mean that these production cuts will be a marked negative on the company or its stock.

We expect iPhone sales to dwindle over the coming year, that is for sure. As it has been on the heels of a major product refresh, sales always have a tendency to hit a bit of a wall. However, we think those reevaluating their investment in the company, questioning the company's 2017, and those who are selling stock due to the Nikkei report are not seeing the bigger picture. This production cut is relatively normal, it is not going to make a materially significant difference, and for the most part is the non-event that the market figured it to be by the end of the day that the news was released, when trading had essentially returned to normal.

We also think selling here would be missing one of the biggest potential wild cards that shareholders could greatly benefit from in 2017. President elect Trump has made it crystal clear that he wants to look for ways to help companies repatriate cash into the United States. Apple, as many people know, has hundreds of billions of dollars offshore. If the government offers a way for these companies to repatriate this cash paying less or little tax than they would normally have to, we can easily see Apple moving hundreds of billions of dollars back into the United States, cash that they could immediately commit to returning to shareholders.

We don't think this scenario is as much of a longshot as people give it credit for. The cash isn't doing them any good offshore, the company generates an extraordinary amount of cash and so it doesn't need this cash to service its debt, and shareholders have been begging for further capital deployment for as long as we can remember.

It makes sense to go in and buy back stock here in the same way that it makes sense for investors to hold shares that they already own here and not dump them just because of something like this Nikkei report. Apple stock is cheap. For a technology company, the company is priced at a multiple that does not give it credit for the amount of innovation it performs and the sector with which the goods it produces reside. We continue to think that Apple is for the most part perpetually undervalued and we note that if it saw multiple expansion to mirror the way that companies like Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) trade, the stock could easily appreciate far more than 50% in very short order.

AAPL PE Ratio (Forward) data by YCharts

Whether or not Apple decides to move into software as a service or other offshoots of its hardware production business remain to be seen. However, with the prospect of capital moving back to the US and Apple potentially looking at being a content provider and a SaaS business, we continue to think that the company is undervalued and will buy here despite the Nikkei report. 
2017-01-04
Comparing Apple Inc.'s A10 With Qualcomm Inc.'s New Snapdragon 835 Chip Website Fudzilla recently noticed that performance results of the recently announced Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon 835 mobile processor -- the company's latest chip aimed at premium smartphones -- leaked online.

The site says that the Snapdragon 835 has "left Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) much quoted peak score of 172,644 for its A10 chipset for dead," with a score of 181,434.

I took the opportunity to run the performance test used to compare the two chips -- called AnTuTu -- on my iPhone 7 Plus. And the findings seem to paint the complete opposite picture to what Fudzilla says. The total score my iPhone 7 Plus achieved was 189,105 -- a bit ahead of the supposed results of the new Qualcomm chip.

AnTuTu is a test that's made up of many sub-tests, including 3D graphics, CPU, and "user experience." Let's take a closer look at how the A10 chip inside of the iPhone 7 Plus stacks up against these Snapdragon 835 scores -- if they are, indeed, legitimate.

Apple's CPUs crush Qualcomm's

The A10 contains two sets of custom-designed processors. The "high-performance" cores are called Hurricane while the "high efficiency" cores, which handle less processor intensive tasks, are known as Zephyr.

The Snapdragon 835 uses a similar processor configuration, except it has performance and efficiency clusters, each with four processor cores each. AnandTech says that the cores are "semi-custom" cores based on ARM's Cortex A-series designs tailored specifically for Qualcomm's needs.

According to the leak that Fudzilla references, the Snapdragon 835 scores 10230 in the CPU Mathematics sub-test, 11924 in the CPU Common Use sub-test, and 15705 in the CPU Multi-Core sub-test.

The A10 in my iPhone 7 Plus achieves scores of 19825, 18570, and 14287 in each of these sub-tests, respectively. This means that per-core, Apple's cores are much faster than Qualcomm's, though there are half as many, and in multi-core applications -- ones that can use Apple's two high-performance cores and Qualcomm's four high-performance cores -- Apple's A10 slightly trails the Snapdragon 835.

Snapdragon's graphics lead

The AnTuTu test also includes two 3D graphics sub-tests -- 3D Garden and 3D Marooned. The leak shows that the Snapdragon 835 scores 29499 and 45330 points in these two sub-tests, respectively. The A10, on the other hand, achieves 29353 and 30206 in these sub-tests, respectively.

This suggests that the Snapdragon 835 has a superior graphics sub-system -- not a surprise, as Qualcomm has traditionally been very strong in graphics compared to the co0mpetition.

Apple's leads elsewhere

Finally, in the RAM, which seemingly tests the performance of the memory subsystem of the chip, the Snapdragon 835 apparently gets a score of 10532, while the A10 achieves a score of 12805.

Summing up the "user experience" subtests, the A10 achieves 64059 points; the Snapdragon 835 leak shows a combined score here of 52865.

A10 remains a leadership SoC until the A11 comes along

Although the Snapdragon 835 is more powerful than the Apple A10 in graphics performance, and although it integrates a gigabit LTE modem -- the A10 doesn't include any LTE modem -- the A10 more than holds its own in CPU performance, memory performance, and "user experience" performance as measured by AnTuTu.

This means that buyers of the iPhone 7/7 Plus shouldn't worry about their devices becoming "outdated" from a performance perspective   these will still be best-in-class devices that can hold their own against the many Android-based flagship devices powered by the Snapdragon 835 that are likely to launch in the spring.

And when Apple releases the iPhone 7s/8-series smartphones in the fall, I expect Apple's devices to regain decisive performance leadership in graphics while extending Apple's leadership in CPU performance. Top Venture Capitalist Expresses Concern About Apple Our site remains moderately bullish on Apple, but we show a few ways of hedging it in the event the bears knock it down in the next six months.

Perhaps echoing that sentiment, institutions trading Apple in dark pools have been net sellers of the stock for the last month.

Over the weekend, Fred Wilson, one of America's top venture capitalists, wrote that Apple's business seemed wobbly, unlike that of its largest peers.

"Apple Certainly Seems Wobbly"

That was Fred Wilson's take on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) in his 2016 recap over the weekend. For readers unfamiliar with Fred Wilson, he is the cofounder of Union Square Ventures, arguably the best-performing venture capital fund in the world (as we noted in our interview with his partner Albert Wenger last year). In his recap over the weekend, Wilson had this to say about Apple, Alphabet (GOOG, GOOGL), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), and Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN):

I thought one of the big four (Apple, Google, Facebook, Amazon) would falter in 2016. All produced positive stock performance in 2016. But Apple certainly seems wobbly. They can't make laptops that anyone wants to use anymore. It's no longer a certainty that everyone is going to get a new iPhone when the new one ships. The iPad is a declining product. The watch is a mainstream flop. And Microsoft is making better computers than Apple (and maybe operating systems too) these days. You can't make that kind of critique of Google, Amazon, or Facebook, who all had great years in my book.

We were curious to see if Wilson's sentiment about Apple might be shared by the hedge funds and other institutions trading its stock in dark pools, so we pulled up Apple's chart on Squeeze Metrics (reminder: we have an affiliate relationship with that site, and get compensated when readers join). Readers of our recent article on Deutsche Bank (NYSE:DB), Seeking Alpha In The Dark, may recall how trading in dark pools - private exchanges where institutions avoid the transparency of public markets - offered insight into where that stock was headed. Here's what a chart of dark pool trading in Apple over the last month looked like:

We had our cursor over January 3rd, so its data is highlighted in the top right corner of the chart, where you can see the DPI, or Dark Pool Indicator, is 30% (recall that DPI figures below 50% are considered bearish, as they indicate more selling than buying by dark pool traders). But it turned out that all 21 of the 21 trading days in that chart had bearish DPIs (you can get a sense of this by how the black part of bars at the bottom of the chart, which represent buying, are dwarfed by the tourquise parts of the bars immediately above them).

To see if this was just a function of sentiment about tech stocks in general, we pulled up a chart on the SPDR Select Sector Technology ETF (NYSEARCA:XLK) over the same time frame:

In the XLK chart, the DPI was bearish on only 2 of the 21 trading days, so institutions trading in dark pools have clearly been more bearish on Apple than on the tech sector in general over the last month.

For Apple longs who are still bullish want to add some downside protection in the event it tumbles, we'll look at a few ways of doing so below.

Downside Protection For Apple

If you'd like a refresher on hedging terms first, please see the section titled "Refresher on Hedging Terms" here). We'll present three optimal hedges for Apple, each designed for investors who are unwilling to tolerate drawdowns greater than 13% over the next several months (you can hedge against larger or smaller risks than that; we're just using 13% for illustration purposes). We used the Portfolio Armor iOS app to find these hedges, but you can find optimal hedges without it using the method explained here.

Uncapped Upside, Higher Cost

These were the optimal puts, as of Tuesday's close, to hedge 500 shares of AAPL against a greater-than-13% drop by late July.

As you can see above, the cost was $1,850, or 3.19% of position value. Note that the cost here was calculated using the ask price of the puts and the bid price of the calls. In practice, you can often buy puts for less and sell calls for more (at some price between the bid and ask, in both cases).

Upside Capped At 16%, Lower Cost

This hedge caps your potential upside at 16% over the time frame of the hedge. 16% is the potential return the Portfolio Armor website estimated for Apple over the next six months (historically, actual returns average about 0.3x the site's potential return estimates).

As of Tuesday's close, this was the optimal collar to hedge 500 shares of AAPL against a >13% drop while not capping an investor's upside at less than 16% by late July.

As you can see above, the strike used in the put leg of this collar was the same as the one in the first hedge, so the cost was the same, $1,850, or 3.19% of position value. But as you can see below, the income generated from the short call leg was $715, or 1.23% of position value.

So the net cost here was $1,135, or 1.95% of position value. As in the optimal put hedge, the cost here was calculated conservatively, so, in reality, an investor opening this on Tuesday would likely have paid less to do so.

Upside Capped At 7%, Negative Cost

This was the highest cap at which there was no positive cost. It's also close to the potential return for Apple over the time frame of the hedge as implied by Wall Street's 12-month consensus price target for Apple.

As of Tuesday's close, this was the optimal collar to hedge against a >13% drop by late July while not capping an investor's upside at less than 7% over that time frame.

This time, the app was able to pick a less expensive strike for the put leg, due to the net cost of the collar. The cost here was $1,260, or 2.17% of position value. But the income from selling the call leg was a bit more, $1,825, or 3.14% of position value.

So the net cost was negative, meaning the investor would collect an amount equal to $565, or 0.97% of position value when opening the hedge (as in the previous examples, this cost was calculated conservatively).

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2017-01-06
Apple Inc. Earnings: Mark Your Calendar Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will announce the results for its important holiday quarter on Jan. 31, according to an updated schedule on the company's website. Investors will undoubtedly be watching the update closely. Apple's fiscal first quarter of 2017, ending Dec. 31, marked the first full quarter of iPhone 7 and 7 Plus availability. Will the new iPhone help Apple return to revenue growth?

Ahead of the earnings release, here's an early look at some of the key metrics worth looking into.

Revenue

Apple's fiscal 2016 marked a rare year-over-year decline in revenue for the company. Sales during the fiscal year were about $217 billion, down about 8% from Apple's record $234 billion in revenue during fiscal 2015. The company's inability to grow its top line has suppressed the stock's valuation as investors wonder if Apple can grow from here. Apple stock currently has a price-to-earnings ratio of just 14 -- wildly low for an established market leader as dominant as Apple.

Still, some investors may be hoping Apple can either turn revenue around during fiscal 2017 -- or at least put a stop to top-line declines. Investor hope for a return to growth is actually encouraged by Apple management; the company guided for fiscal 2017 first-quarter revenue between $76 and $78 billion, representing a slight uptick from Apple's $75.9 billion of revenue in the year-ago quarter.

Investors may be hoping Samsung's recall of its Note 7 during the holiday quarter will serve as a catalyst for Apple's September-launched iPhone 7 and 7 Plus. With Samsung's flagship smartphones clearly standing out as the biggest competition to Apple's iPhones -- especially in the U.S. -- the Note 7's recall should have helped drive some incremental iPhone sales during the quarter. And since iPhone accounts for about 60% of Apple's total revenue, a solid quarter for iPhone should make a return to growth more likely.

Earnings per share

Another key area to watch will be Apple's earnings per share. But investors shouldn't expect the metric to return to growth the way revenue could. Even if revenue turns upward, Apple is expecting a lower gross profit margin in its first quarter than it sported in the year-ago quarter; a lower gross profit margin on only a slight uptick in revenue would likely mean EPS for the quarter will still be lower than in the year-ago quarter.

Apple said it's expecting a gross profit margin between 38% and 38.5% for its first quarter. In the year-ago quarter, Apple's gross profit margin was 40.1%.

Importantly, as investors digest the quarter's results, investors should keep in mind that even if Apple's EPS declines on a year-over-year basis because of a narrower gross profit margin, worsening profitability will likely mostly be attributable to factors unrelated to Apple's regular operations. In the year-ago quarter, Apple's gross profit margin benefited from a $548 million award for patent infringement. Further, Apple's guidance for a 38% to 38.5% first-quarter gross profit margin takes into account expectations for 60 to 70 basis points of currency headwinds.

Whatever EPS Apple reports, it would likely be worth investors' time to look for an explanation from management about what factors drove EPS higher or lower (probably lower) during the quarter.

For a reference point, the consensus analyst estimates for Apple's revenue and EPS during the quarter are $77.4 billion and $3.22, respectively. This would compare to revenue and EPS of $75.9 billion and $3.28, respectively, in the year-ago quarter.

Apple will release its first-quarter financial results after market close on Jan. 31. The results will be available on the tech giant's investor relations website. Stay tuned at The Motley Fool for more Apple coverage leading up to earnings, as well as a Foolish look at Apple's first-quarter results after they're released. Apple Inc (AAPL) 2016 Proxy Filing Shows CEO Tim Cook's Total Compensation ...  Apple: The 'Oddly Satisfying' Touchscreen Mac Undeterred by Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) pronouncements regarding "convergence" of mobile and traditional PC devices, Neonode (NASDAQ:NEON), a Swedish company, has designed the AirBar. AirBar attaches to the bottom of the screen of a 13" MacBook Air to give it touch screen functionality. Even Apple Insider has called the experience "oddly satisfying."

Source: engadget

The Absurd Mac Touchscreen

It was back in November that Phil Schiller, Apple's SVP of Worldwide Marketing took to the Internet to explain and justify Apple's refusal to endow Macs with touch screens. As reported by Backchannel, he had this to say:

"We think of the whole platform," he says. "If we were to do Multi-Touch on the screen of the notebook, that wouldn't be enough - then the desktop wouldn't work that way." And touch on the desktop, he says, would be a disaster. "Can you imagine a 27-inch iMac where you have to reach over the air to try to touch and do things? That becomes absurd." He also explains that such a move would mean totally redesigning the menu bar for fingers, in a way that would ruin the experience for those using pointer devices like the touch or mouse. "You can't optimize for both," he says. "It's the lowest common denominator thinking." Apple came to this conclusion by testing if touch screens made sense on the Mac. "Our instincts were that it didn't, but, what the heck, we could be wrong-so our teams worked on that for a number of times over the years," says Schiller. "We've absolutely come away with the belief that it isn't the right thing to do. Our instincts were correct."

For those who might not be familiar with past articles I've written on the subject, I'll just say that I think Schiller is absolutely wrong. In fact, I think the whole issue of accommodating touchscreen mode on a large monitor is a red herring, for the following reasons.

No operating system, whether Microsoft's (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows 10, or Google's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android 7, that implements both touch and pointer driven interfaces forces the user to use one or the other exclusively. So Schiller's statement about users of a 27-inch iMac being forced to use touch on the large screen doesn't make any sense.

A properly designed macOS system that supported touchscreens would always allow users the option of using a mouse, touchpad or keyboard. Apple wouldn't have to build touchscreen iMacs, although Microsoft's new Surface Studio indicates that there might be some value in doing so.

When I encounter that kind of transparently flawed rationalization, all I can think is that Apple is adrift without adequate product leadership. In this case, all Apple's management can do is steer by the original guidance of Steve Jobs, who declared touchscreen notebooks "ergonomically terrible" when the iPad was first introduced.

Not that Schiller is completely wrong. There would be some compromises necessary in order to accommodate touch input. He's right that the menu bar would need to be redesigned for touch, with thicker, larger control surfaces. Is that so bad? I find that many of the controls built into things like window frames in macOS to be so tiny that they are difficult to use even with a mouse.

Enter AirBar

Aside from this issue, I doubt that there is much that would need to be changed to accommodate touch functionality in macOS. This is more or less confirmed by the AirBar. The AirBar attaches to the bottom of the screen, as shown above, in order to detect finger position on the screen. The AirBar has an array of infra-red sensors that detect position, rather than using a capacitive touchscreen.

Neonode had a prototype designed for the 13" MacBook Air on display at CES, and AppleInsider found that it wasn't as accurate as a touchscreen, not surprisingly. In addition, the prototype didn't support gesture recognition (swipes and multitouch), although Neonode has given assurance that those features will be included in the delivered product.

What I found interesting about AirBar is the fact that there is no change to the macOS user interface whatsoever. AirBar essentially acts like a giant trackpad overlaid on the screen. The mouse cursor simply goes to whatever point on the screen is touched. It's that simple.

Apple's point that you wouldn't want to use a vertical touchscreen for an extended period of time has some validity, of course. Your arm would get tired. But the idea that one would have to use touch exclusively for a desktop OS like macOS or Windows has never been a reasonable scenario. Whereas, the flexibility to use a touch screen occasionally has value.

There is the obvious scenario where touch is used for hand sketching. Here, touchscreens often support stylus input as well. AirBar supports this automatically, since it doesn't care what object is touching the screen. Whether AirBar will actually be useful for artists remains to be seen. It might not be accurate or responsive enough.

Probably, AirBar works best for casual touchscreen uses such as dismissing a pop-up, scrolling a web page, or launching an app. In casual, occasional use, touchscreens are often more convenient than the user interface alternatives, including Apple's new TouchBar.

Obviously, Neonode thinks there's a market for touchscreen functionality for the Mac. I think they're right, although it remains to be seen whether AirBar is really a good substitute for a capacitive touchscreen. AirBar has to be manually installed and removed, and the MacBook can't be closed with the AirBar in place.

Investor Takeaway

It's really hard to believe that Apple worked "for years" on this problem, only to conclude that they were right all along. I've seen this phenomenon before. Management goes through the motions of considering an alternative to the current policy, often making a big show of it. But the outcome is a foregone conclusion, because management has already made up its mind.

Here are the real reasons why Apple doesn't want touchscreens on the Mac, in no particular order:

Jobs said it was a mistake, and Jobs can't be wrong.

Microsoft did it first, therefore it has to be wrong.

to be wrong. Capacitive touchscreens are expensive, and would lower margins on Mac computers.

Touchscreen Macs would cannibalize sales of the iPad.

The reader should feel free to rank these in order of importance to Apple. I make no judgment in that regard other than to observe that none of the above are very good reasons. How long is this nonsense going to go on? I have no idea.

This is just one of those issues that cries out for a Product Architect with a coherent vision of where Apple's products should go, rather than the current product stew that Apple's executive leadership are collectively stirring.

I continue to regard Apple as a very good company, with strong profitability and growth potential. The potential for repatriation of some of Apple's overseas cash under the Trump Administration is reason enough to buy Apple right now. But no company is perfect, and nowhere is Apple's imperfection more apparent than in its "Not Invented Here" mindset.

By the way, my friend and fellow SA contributor Brian Bain is hosting a DIY Investing Summit next week. Other SA contributors and I are participating, so the reader might want to check it out. I'll post a link to the Summit as soon as it goes live.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Canada's competition watchdog closes two-year probe into Apple Inc TORONTO   Canada s Competition Bureau on Friday said it had not found sufficient evidence that Apple Inc had engaged in anti-competitive conduct, closing a two-year investigation into the iPhone maker.

The watchdog launched a probe into Apple s business practices in December 2014 to investigate allegations the company s Canadian unit had used anti-competitive clauses to force domestic operators to sell rival devices at higher prices than they otherwise would have and restricting how they could market and sell iPhones.

Related

 The Bureau did not find evidence to suggest that the Apple terms resulted in a significant effect on competition,  the antitrust watchdog said in a statement.

  Thomson Reuters 2017 Apple Inc's CEO Tim Cook's total 2016 compensation was $8.7 mln versus $10.3 mln last year  
2017-01-07
Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Will Keep Thriving Off Its Strong App Economy It s good to be an app developer for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ). Last year, the earnings came to a whopping $20 billion, up 40% on a year-over-year basis. In all, there are 2.2 million apps in the App Store. Of course, AAPL stock got a nice benefit from this since the company gets a cut from each download.

The estimate is that the gross revenues were approximately $8 billion.

Granted, for a company at the scale of Apple, this may not necessarily seem like a lot. In 2016, the company posted revenues for $215.6 billion. The fact is that the main driver continues to be the iPhone franchise.

Yet, the Apple App Store is still vitally important and it should provide some fuel for growth. Consider that many of the downloads are from highly popular games, such as Pokemon Go and Super Mario Run.

If anything, as the iPhone gets more sophisticated, this category will likely see continued strong monetization. According to research from Ovum, the spending on gaming is forecasted to jump from $38.5 billion in 2016 to $71.5 billion in 2021.

But then again, the power of the App Store should go well beyond gaming. For example, one driver has been the substantial growth in streaming services, such as Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX ).

AAPL and App Power

Keep in mind that AAPL has been working hard on building its platform. For example, it has a new language, called Swift, which allows for building sophisticated apps.

At the same time, Apple has been developing various app frameworks, such as Healthkit, Homekit, Apple Pay, Sirikit and so on. All these should allow the company to get a piece of the revenue opportunity from the digitization of key industries.

For example, APPL is already making a big play for healthcare. To this end, the company is developing a diagnostic system within Healthkit that will be tied to the Watch.

Next Page 
2017-01-09
Apple: What's The iPad Strategy?  Apple: After 10 Years, iPhone's Full Potential Is Still Unrealized Steve Jobs unveiled the first Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone ten years ago today, January 9, 2007. The world will never be the same. With so many competing smartphones, it's easy to think that Apple's accomplishment has been equaled, and that there is nowhere else for Apple to go. Peak iPhone, peak Apple... But the iPhone still has room to grow, its full potential, even now, not fully realized. And Apple also still has room to grow.

Source: YouTube

Status Quo

Watching the iPhone introduction at Mac World, I'm struck with how much Apple misses Steve Jobs. He doesn't just unveil the product, gush about how "amazing" it is, and list all its new features. He walks the audience step by step through the thought process that led to the iPhone. He convinces you that the iPhone is not merely a logical evolution of personal computing, but a quantum leap by solving problems of design and user interface that existing smartphones of the time hadn't solved.

Jobs could do that because he understood the thought process, because it was to a large extent, his own. When I recollect product introductions since the passing of Jobs, there isn't a single instance where Apple's management has demonstrated the level of clarity that Jobs displayed on that day in 2007.

Perhaps the closest that Apple has come was in the March 2015 launch of Apple Watch, which in many ways followed the example of Jobs iPhone presentation by identifying three key functional areas that the Watch combines: time keeping, communications, and fitness/health tracking. In Jobs presentation, the three functions combined in iPhone were a media player, phone, and Internet access device.

Yet somehow, Cook is never able to make the Watch compelling in the way that Jobs did with iPhone. Partly this is just due to the limitations of the Watch and the need to tether it to an iPhone, but partly, it's due to Cook's limitations. He doesn't articulate a case for the Watch, compelling or otherwise. He simply recounts its various features.

The iPhone was without question, the most important achievement of Steve Jobs as the Product Architect of Apple. It bears the stamp of his personality, his tastes and sensibilities. The iPhone is very much a personal creative expression. Could a committee have designed the iPhone? I doubt it. But it is clearly a committee in the form of Tim Cook's direct reports, that is in charge of Apple's products now.

The Committee Agrees...

Product design by committee is starting to strangle Apple. Last fiscal year (2016), there was the first decline in revenue and earnings since the iPhone was introduced. iPhone, iPad and Mac sales all declined y/y. Apple's products are all evolutionary compromises, what the executive committee could agree upon.

And what the executive committee can agree upon is falling behind Apple's competitors. The committee agrees that macOS shouldn't support touchscreens, despite the fact that touchscreens have been embraced by Apple's two main OS competitors, Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), and Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL). The committee agrees that iOS shouldn't support mouse or trackpad driven cursor input, despite this also being supported in the mobile devices of its competitors.

I could go on, of course. The committee agrees that Macs should be based on Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) processors. The committee agrees that the 15" MacBook Pros still need discrete GPUs. The committee agrees... The committee agrees...

The committee agrees that the iPhone should just be a smartphone. After all, Apple essentially invented the smartphone concept with the iPhone. This is despite the fact that the iPhone 7 is now carrying around more processing power than PCs of ten years ago. This is despite the fact that the iPhone can easily be connected to an external monitor. This is despite the fact that you can even pair a Bluetooth keyboard.

This is despite the fact that the iPhone, as do all iOS devices, is just running a variant of Mac OS X. I was reminded of this by the Jobs video above. He tells the audience at one point that the iPhone runs Mac OS X. Yes. At that point, the iOS name hadn't even been invented.

Of course, it was a very stripped down OS X. But Jobs featured this with the clear intent of endowing (or seeming to endow) the iPhone with personal computing features. In so doing, he presaged what I still consider to be the ultimate destiny, the full potential of the iPhone, to be a PC.

It would be so simple, if Apple just allowed iOS to support a mouse or trackpad driven cursor. Then iPads and iPhones really could begin to replace PCs. Then iOS really could be a viable option for professionals. Then the iPhone could finally realize its potential.

Why is cursor support so important? If the reader hasn't tried this experiment, just go ahead and try it and you'll see what I mean. Connect your iPhone or iPad to an external monitor (either through an adapter or through AirPlay). Great, you now have a mirror of what you have on your little iOS device. Now try to use it for something other than watching a movie, such as using one of Apple's productivity apps from iWork.

You'll figure it out right away. It's mostly an unworkable arrangement, because all your user inputs have to go through the iDevice. You can't see what you're doing on the external monitor, so you constantly have to glance down at the iOS device. That's the whole beauty of the cursor: You can see where you're pointing without looking at the pointing device.

I can sort of understand Apple's attitude on touchscreen Macs, if one really believes that iOS is the future. But iOS will never achieve that future, never achieve its full potential, unless Apple makes using an external monitor practical. No professional is going to be willing to sit hunched over a little 10-13 inch screen for eight hours a day.

Investor Takeaway

The situation in Apple regarding "convergence" borders on the bizarre. Here Apple is pioneering the core technology, ARM architecture processors, that is making the traditional PC obsolete. This technology is making it increasingly unnecessary to use a desktop, or even a laptop PC. The iPhone (and its cousin the iPad) is still a breakthrough waiting to happen. The iPhone is still waiting, almost bursting at the seams with unfulfilled promise, to finally demolish the PC era, and with it, the Wintel hegemony.

Yet Apple insists on hobbling it, on preserving the status quo. Under Jobs, new products were expected to cannibalize older ones. The iPhone cannibalized the iPod. The iPad cannibalized Mac to some degree.

But now, Apple seems to want to protect the Mac and preserve its niche, with inventions of dubious value such as the TouchBar. I'll be blunt. The Mac franchise isn't worth it. Apple needs to move on to the next big thing: What the iPhone's creator envisioned from day one: A Mac you can put in your pocket. If Apple insists on trying to hold back this future, it will only come from other sources. Then Apple will have to play "catch up," even though it started out ahead, way ahead, under Jobs.

I continue to see Apple as a company that is only limited by the parochial thinking of its management. Apple is lucky that this is the only thing holding it back, yet also is cursed by it. I continue to believe that parochial thinking alone cannot hold Apple back indefinitely. I continue to be long Apple and recommend it as a buy for investors with a 3-5 year investment horizon.

Just a reminder: Brian Bain's DIY Investing Summit goes live this week. The DIY Investing Summit brings together 25 of the top SA contributors, including myself, for in depth interviews with tips for successful investing in 2017. Normally, the Investing Summit requires a fee, but you can get free access by clicking on the link below.

diyinvestingsummit2017.com/diy-investing...

This is a limited time offer, so please don't wait too long to listen to your favorite SA contributors on the Summit.

Thanks for being a reader or follower, and good luck with your investing in the new year!

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2017-01-10
Don't Overlook This Underappreciated Apple, Inc. Business Segment When Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) reports its results for its first fiscal quarter of 2017 on Jan. 31, many investors will likely turn immediately to iPhone sales. After all, the important product accounts for a whopping 60% of its revenue. Investors, however, shouldn't overlook Apple's services segment. As the tech giant's second-largest and fastest-growing product segment, it is crucial to its business.

A bright spot amid growth challenges

In Apple's fourth fiscal quarter of 2016, the services segment stood out as an exception to the rest of the company's product segments' flat or declining sales. Its services revenue, which includes revenue from the App Store, iTunes, Apple Music, iCloud, Apple Pay, licensing, and other services, increased an impressive 24% year over year. Meanwhile, revenue for the iPhone, Mac, and other product segments declined, and iPad revenue was flat year over year.

CEO Tim Cook was particularly pleased with the company's record-setting services revenue during the quarter. "App Store revenue continued to skyrocket, while Music revenue grew by 22% thanks to the growing popularity of Apple Music," he said. He also noted that Apple is seeing "very strong growth in transaction volume through Apple Pay."

Going forward, Cook explained the high expectations for the segment:

We remain very confident about the future of our Services business given the unmatched level of engagement, satisfaction and loyalty of our growing installed base. We have almost doubled the size of our services revenue in the last 4 years, and as we've said before, we expect it to be the size of a Fortune 100 company in fiscal 2017.

What would it look like for its services segment to be the size of a Fortune 100 company? Currently, the company with the lowest revenue on Fortune's top 100 list of companies has annual revenue of $28 billion -- about $4 billion more than Apple's services revenue in fiscal 2016. So, Apple believes its fiscal 2017 services revenue will exceed $28 billion.

Impressively, beyond being Apple's only segment that grew in the fiscal fourth quarter, the segment also posted a meaningfully higher growth rate than it did in the quarter before it. Fourth-quarter services revenue increased 24% year over year. This is up from 19% growth in Q3 and 20% growth in Q2.

What to expect from services in Q1

For the first fiscal quarter of 2017, it's likely Apple can at least maintain its current 24% year-over-year growth in services revenue. CFO Luca Maestri said the company's App Store growth rate has accelerated for five consecutive quarters, hitting a rate of 43% year over year in the company's September-ended fourth fiscal quarter of 2016. Furthermore, Maestri emphasized that its services growth isn't just coming from the App Store. It's "several categories that are growing very well for us," Maestri said. With these optimistic trends in mind, the overall service segment should continue to grow robustly.

At about 13.5% of Apple's total revenue (up from 9.9% of revenue in the year-ago quarter), and considering the segment's recent rapid growth, the services segment is more important than ever for the company, especially as Apple's other product segments struggle to grow. Some Bad News for Apple Inc. In the fall of 2016, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) introduced its next-generation iPhones, branded iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus. These phones included a number of significant enhancements, such as more colorful and color-accurate displays, faster processors, improved cameras, stereo speakers, a solid-state home button, and faster wireless connectivity.

Indeed, aside from the fact that the look and feel of the devices were very similar to the prior two generations of iPhone models, the new devices represented significant upgrades from the prior-generation ones.

The new iPhone models seemed to be off to a good start, with Apple CEO Tim Cook saying on an October earnings call that the company, at the time, had yet to reach supply demand balance for its new phones.

Nevertheless, a recent report from BlueFin Research Partners, by way of Barron's, says that Apple has yet again cut its iPhone products plans, suggesting the new devices might not be able to keep sales momentum up until the company launches its next-generation iPhones in the fall.

Slashing estimates some more

BlueFin's initial iPhone unit shipment estimates for the March quarter sat at 59 million. That figure, if Apple were still on track to that goal, would have represented solid year-over-year growth from roughly 51 million units shipped in the March-ending quarter of the prior year, though still down from the roughly 61 million units that Apple shipped in the March-ending quarter of its fiscal 2015.

However, the analysts cut their estimates to 53 million last month, according to Barron's, and they're now taking those estimates to just 50 million units. If the analysts are right, then Apple might be looking at another -- albeit modest -- year-over-year decline in unit shipments during the March-ending quarter.

Considering that some of Apple's chief rivals, particularly in China, are posting substantial year-over-year smartphone unit growth -- and it's not all happening at the low end of the market -- it's starting to look as though this product cycle isn't going to be a particularly good one for Apple, either.

All eyes on the next cycle

Apple may have made a mistake in not significantly changing the look and feel of the iPhone models that launched in the fall. There had been rumors before the launches of those devices that Apple was looking to slim down the iPhone models significantly from the ones launched in the prior two cycles, but this ultimately didn't come to pass.

Apple is known to test out multiple different potential models before deciding on the final designs and putting them into mass production. Perhaps Apple found that it would have had to make too many technical sacrifices -- perhaps on battery life, processing power, or something else -- to slim down the phones, ultimately going with devices with a similar look and feel to the iPhone 6 series and iPhone 6s series.

It'll be interesting to see what Apple ultimately launches later this year, but consumers aren't responding to the numerous "under-the-hood" changes that the company introduced with the iPhone 6s and iPhone 7 series devices.

A fresh look and feel for its iPhone devices could be just what Apple needs to get its iPhone business back on a solid growth path. 2 Critical Performance Targets That Apple, Inc. Missed Last Fiscal Year Ahead of its annual shareholder meeting at the end of next month, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has gone ahead and filed its proxy statement with the SEC. As usual for proxy statements, Apple is disclosing executive compensation levels for its most prominent executives, along with how it arrives at those levels. Following a relatively tough 2016 that included the first ever decline in iPhone unit sales, all executives including CEO Tim Cook saw pay reductions last year.

Apple's compensation committee sets out two critical performance targets each year to gauge the company's performance, and Apple fell short for 2016.

Top line and the almost-bottom line

More specifically, the two targets relate to top-line revenue and operating income, which is right above the bottom line before miscellaneous income and expenses as well as taxes are taken out. For each metric, Apple sets a threshold goal that must be exceeded for executives to receive their annual cash incentives. At that threshold, the cash bonus is equal to 100% of their respective base salaries. There is also a target goal that earns them 200% payouts, as well as a maximum goal that triggers a generous 400% payout.

Both revenue and operating income hit their threshold goals, but fell short of target goals. In the case of operating income, Apple only barely fell short. The company generated revenue of $215.6 billion in fiscal 2016, compared to the target goal of $223.6 billion. Operating income came in at $60 billion, just a hair shy of the target goal of $60.3 billion.

For context, Apple utterly hit it out of the park in 2015, exceeding its maximum goals for both metrics -- triggering those hefty 400% payouts in the process.

Fiscal 2015 Performance Revenue Operating Income Threshold Goal $188 billion $52.5 billion Target Goal $199 billion $55.1 billion Maximum Goal $210 billion $56.3 billion Actual $233.7 billion $71.2 billion

However, keep in mind that Cook got a $1 million raise to $3 million last year in terms of his base salary, which represented a 50% boost from 2015. That certainly softened the blow a bit. All told, Cook brought home $8.7 million last year, down from $10.3 million in 2015. The rest of the executive team's base salaries remained unchanged at a cool $1 million per year, although they all received $20 million equity grants in October 2015 (which is part of fiscal 2016).

It's all relative

Many of the equity grants that Apple executives receive are performance-based, being tied to how Apple shares perform relative to the S&P 500. This is measured in relative total stock return (TSR).

In a shareholder-friendly move a couple years ago, Cook chose to voluntarily modify his 2011 CEO grant to swap out time-based shares for performance-based RSUs. A year ago, I noted that Cook was facing a deadline in August 2016 and had a lot to lose if Apple continued to lag the broader market. Fortunately for Cook, shares bounced back and Apple's relative TSR scored well enough (78th percentile) for 280,000 RSUs to vest, the maximum allowed.

For the rest of the executive team and their October 2015 grants, here are the necessary relative TSR tiers and respective payouts.

Relative TSR vs. S&P 500 Companies Performance-based RSU Vesting as % of Target 85th or above 200% 55th 100% 25th 25% Below 25th 0%

As of the beginning of 2017, three executives had shares vest after Apple's relative TSR ranked it in the 83rd percentile.

Overall, Apple's compensation practices are quite aligned with shareholder interests. Not only does management have to deliver on fundamental performance, but Apple shares also need to fare well in order for executives to claim all of their eligible performance-based RSU grants. Why Apple Inc. Should Update the MacBook Pro Lineup in the Spring In October, Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) finally rolled out long-awaited and much-anticipated updates to its MacBook Pro family of notebook computers. Both the 13-inch and 15-inch variants saw significant overhauls, including new track pads, faster processors, brighter and more colorful displays, and even the inclusion of a new touch bar on higher end 13-inch and all 15-inch models.

Image source: Apple.

The machines represented nice steps forward for the MacBook Pro lineup, which hadn't seen substantial updates for quite some time.

Nevertheless, I believe that Apple would be wise to update the lineup to include new processors as soon as possible, perhaps in a refresh in the March/April time frame. Here's why.

An easy update to the current lineup

The current MacBook Pro systems use Intel 's(NASDAQ: INTC) sixth-generation Core processors. Those chips first made their debut in the third quarter of 2015, but it took Apple a full year to adopt them in its systems.

The new chips, which you can read more about here , essentially deliver greater speed and improved video playback capabilities.

Those chips are also what is known as "pin compatible" with the prior generation sixth-generation Core processors, which means Apple wouldn't need to go and completely redesign its logic boards and systems to accommodate the new chips.

How much of an upgrade would these chips be?

The chips used in the current 13-inch MacBook Pro computers are the following, based on how much a customer is willing to pay:

Core i5-6267U (2.9GHz base/3.3GHz single core turbo/3.1GHz dual core turbo)

Core i5-6287U (3.1GHz base/3.5GHz single core turbo/3.3GHz dual core turbo)

Core i7-6567U (3.3GHz base/3.6GHz single core turbo/3.4GHz dual core turbo)

The direct replacements for these chips from the seventh-generation Core processors are the following:

Core i5-7267U (3.1GHz base/3.5GHz single core turbo/3.5GHz dual core turbo)

Core i5-7287U (3.3GHz base/3.7GHz single core turbo/3.7GHz dual core turbo)

Core i7-7567U (3.5GHz base/4GHz single core turbo/3.9GHz dual core turbo)

The performance gains generation-over-generation here are significant, ranging from 12% to 15% in dual-core turbo speeds. That's on top of whatever gains in graphics and media capabilities that come with these chips.

Image source: Intel.

Why Apple should update the systems ASAP

Although Apple does have the benefit of being the sole vendor of macOS-based computers, meaning that customers who want to buy computers that run macOS have no choice but to buy Apple's computers, there's little reason for the company to put itself at a competitive disadvantage relative to its Windows-based competitors.

Apple's Macs are generally competitive, well-built devices, boasting best-in-class components in areas such as track-pads, displays, keyboards, wireless connectivity, and industrial design.

However, I believe that Apple's MacBook product lines would be stronger if the company were quicker to adopt Intel's latest processors. Doing so might mean Apple pays a little bit more for processors (though I can't imagine the premium is significant), but a modest bill-of-materials increase is probably worth it, as the latest processors give Apple an additional marketing point and its competitors one less potential advantage.

10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart

When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*

David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Wal-Mart wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.

Click here to learn about these picks!

*Stock Advisor returns as ofDecember 12 , 2016

The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned.

Ashraf Eassa owns shares of Intel. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool recommends Intel. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . Apple Inc. Is The World's Greenest Tech Company: Here's Why On Tuesday, Greenpeace released their annual report of digital companies and their environmental impact and for the third year in a row, Apple topped the list. What sets Apple apart was their commitment to renewable energy, specifically in their offices and manufacturing sites. Other companies that were near the top were Google, Facebook and a data center operator called Switch. Near the bottom were video streaming companies like HBO, Netflix and Amazon. This is a result of the massive amount of electricity needed for their servers, which handle the streaming and transmitting of the videos.

Apple said to be working with Carl Zeiss to develop AR glasses

Apple is focusing its rumored interest in the augmented reality space on creating a new pair of AR glasses with Carl Zeiss, claims well-known blogger Robert Scoble in a Facebook post. Apple is said to have contacted suppliers about the project, which appears to be in the exploratory prototyping phase of development. While Scoble believes the glasses could be released in 2017, previous information points towards a 2018 or later release. 
2017-01-11
Apple, Inc. Continues to Slip in China You win some, you lose some.

Kantar has released its most recent estimates on numerous smartphone markets around the world, covering the three months ending November 2016 before the holiday shopping season picked up steam. Well, the news is mixed. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was able to chip away at Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) lead in key geographies in Europe as well as the U.S., but continued to slip in greater China, where local manufacturers are flooding the market with low-cost Android devices.

Let's dig through the numbers.

The good

The iPhone 7, iPhone 7 Plus, and iPhone 6s were the top three handsets within the U.S. for the period, grabbing a combined 31% market share. Samsung's Galaxy S7 and S7 Edge came in at the No. 4 and No. 5 spots and accounted for 29% of sales. Aggressive carrier promotions helped both the Mac maker and the South Korean conglomerate, as all the domestic carriers had various promotions to get a free flagship devices. Overall, iOS grew within the U.S. by 6.4 percentage points to grab a 43.5% market share.

Interestingly, Google's decision to partner with Verizon as the exclusive carrier distributing the Pixel seems to be paying off, with the Pixel comprising about 1.3% of all smartphone sales; over half of those new phones were activated at Big Red. That may not sound like a whole lot, but it's actually impressive when you consider that Nexus and Pixel phones have never been high-volume devices, so 1.3% is actually pretty good within that context.

In Europe, Apple did particularly well within the U.K., where it saw its market share jump 9.1 percentage points, and now has a 48.3% share in the country. iOS also jumped by 6.5 percentage points in France to a 24.5% market share. In the broader EU5 (Germany, France, Italy, Spain, and the U.K.), Apple had 24.6% share of all smartphone sales.

The bad

Apple has seen its position in China deteriorate over the past year or so, while local players have been able to rise and chip away at both Apple and larger Android original equipment manufacturers. Android now accounts for 80% of smartphones sold in the Middle Kingdom, which is the largest smartphone market in the world. iOS fell from 25.3% of urban China to just 19.9%, although Apple was up modestly on a sequential basis. The only silver lining here is that the iPhone 7 was the single best-selling device in urban China, grabbing 6.6% of all sales.

The problem is that there are so many other low-cost Android choices out there that make up the rest of the market (Huawei and Oppo now represent nearly 40% of the market). Apple's business in China is still on a long-term upward trajectory and I have little doubt that the company will recover, but it's definitely seen better days. Apple, Inc. Is About to Expand US Manufacturing, but It's Not What You Think Too bad we're not talking about iPhone manufacturing. Image source: Apple.

Continue Reading Below

Expanding domestic manufacturing is the popularthing to do right about now, as President-elect Donald Trump prepares to take office in just 10 days. We've already seen a handful of domestic companies cave to the political pressure, altering investment plans to focus on U.S. facilities in some cases. Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) has also been dragged into the debate, for better or for worse. Well, the Mac maker is now reportedly looking to expand its operations in Mesa, Arizona, and begin "high-tech manufacturing," according to government documents first noticed by Business Insider yesterday.

Apple is looking to assemble data center cabinets at the facility, and they would be destined for use in Apple's other data center facilities around the world. The company currently assembles data center gear at each respective site, but this move would consolidate the assembling in Mesa. Finished equipment will be shipped to other Apple data centers within the U.S., according to the report.

Might as well use it

This is really about Apple continuing to repurpose its Mesa, Arizona, facility, which you may recall was initially built to be a massive manufacturing site for sapphire glass back when the iPhone maker had partnered with GT Advanced Technology, which went bankrupt in late 2014 as a way to extricate itself from the ill-fated supplier relationship. Apple had built the facility and was to rent it out to GT Advanced, and the surprise bankruptcy announcement left Apple with 1.2 million square foot of space to repurpose.

In early 2015, Apple said it would invest $2 billion in the facility to convert it to a green data center that would serve as a sort of control center for the company's four other domestic data centers. The Mesa, Arizona, facility would also focus on storing iCloud and iTunes data. For the past few years, Apple has been quietly designing its own servers and other back-end infrastructure, in part to improve security.

Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT

As far as jobs go, Apple will initially add approximately 150 "high-paid" jobs at the facility, according to the report. That's good news for the local economy, but ultimately a drop in the bucket. It's also not as if Apple is expanding the operations for political purposes. The move is more about utilizing a facility that Apple had already bought and paid for.

It looks like Trump will just have to keep on fighting for domestic manufacturing jobs, since this isn't quite what he's looking for.

10 stocks we like better than Apple

When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.*

David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Apple wasn't one of them! That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys.

Click here to learn about these picks!

*Stock Advisor returns as of January 4, 2017



Evan Niu, CFA owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has the following options: long January 2018 $90 calls on Apple and short January 2018 $95 calls on Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Tesla Just Hired the Creator of Apple, Inc.'s Swift Programming Language Electric-car maker Tesla Motors (NASDAQ:TSLA) announced on Tuesday that it just snapped up Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) director of developer tools, Chris Lattner. The executive was integral at Apple, responsible for creating Swift, a new programming language the tech giant announced in 2014. The important hire comes at a critical time for Tesla as it works to advance the software behind its next-generation driver-assist sensor system for Autopilot.

From Swift to Autopilot

Lattner's decision to leave Apple and join Tesla "wasn't taken lightly," according to a statement Lattner posted on Swift.org to explain the move. Indeed, Lattner said he won't be entirely leaving the Swift community. "I plan to remain an active member of the Swift Core Team, as well as a contributor to the swift-evolution mailing list," he said.

But make no mistake. Lattner is definitely leaving Apple and joining Tesla. In fact, he confirmed in his post that he will be leaving Apple later this month.

At Tesla, Lattner will take on the title of vice president of Autopilot software. Lattner will take over for Jinnah Hosein, SpaceX's vice president of software, who was "serving a dual role as the interim Vice President of Tesla Software and will now be heading back to SpaceX full-time," Tesla said in a blog post on Tuesday. "We are very excited that Chris is joining Tesla to lead our Autopilot engineering team and accelerate the future of autonomous driving," Tesla said.

To fill Lattner's role with the Swift programming language, Apple's Ted Kremenek, who is currently the senior manager of languages and runtimes at Apple, will now lead the day-to-day operations of the Swift Core Team.

Furthermore, just as Lattner is stepping up to lead Tesla's Autopilot team, Tesla's director of Autopilot programs, Sterling Anderson, is leaving the company. Interestingly, shortly after the news broke, Anderson mysteriously tweeted, "You ain't seen nothing yet..."

Taking Autopilot to the next level

Lattner joins Tesla's Autopilot team at a crucial period for the technology's development, only a few months after the company made the surprising announcement that it started including full self-driving hardware in every vehicle it ships.

The new hardware included in Tesla vehicles includes eight surround cameras for 360-degree visibility for up to 250 meters of range, 12 improved ultrasonic sensors, forward-facing radar, and a new onboard computer with more than 40 times the computing power of its predecessor.

The sudden inclusion of the new hardware in every vehicle Tesla produces has presented challenges for the company, which, according to a tweet from CEO Elon Musk in December, have the Autopilot team working seven days a week.

First, vehicles with the new hardware temporarily lack Autopilot features included in vehicles with the older hardware as the company validates the software using customer data generated from operating the new Autopilot sensors in shadow mode as Tesla owners go about their normal day-to-day driving. While the company has started releasing updates to a portion of its vehicles delivered with the new hardware, Musk recently said he hopes the company will be ready this weekend to finally release an update to bring all new-hardware vehicles to feature parity with older vehicles.

Second, the new Autopilot sensors presented manufacturing problems during the company's fourth quarter, as Tesla blamed "short-term production challenges" related to its transition to the new sensors for its worse-than-expected deliveries for the quarter.

Autopilot's ongoing development is an important piece of Tesla's business as it aggressively pursues autonomous vehicles. Apple: The Trend Is Your Friend According to AJ Dellinger of International Business Times, "now may be a good time to ditch your shares of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)." The rationale for this argument was that several fund managers were going underweight Apple's stock heading into the new year, and investors should do the same. I could not disagree more with this philosophy and would be more inclined to do the opposite of what the author recommended. When fund managers are less optimistic and trimming a stock that is breaking out on its weekly chart, I would rather be accumulating. Apple closed at a new 52-week high today, and there is absolutely nothing bearish about its technicals. The stock is still in buy-mode based on the 40-week moving average strategy I've outlined in past articles, and looks primed to reach my $140.00 target at some point this year.

Apple was a fan favorite for years among investors, but the stock's sluggish performance since 2012 has created a sleuth of bears who were skeptical of the stock. My last article was met with predominantly bullish comments, but several bears didn't hesitate to poke their head out and share their views. While many are focused on the fundamentals of Apple which are under scrutiny by thousands of people daily, I prefer to rely on the technicals. I have been trading Apple the past eight years using a 40-week moving average system, and it has significantly outperformed a buy and hold approach over the past 20 years.

(Source: TC2000.com)

The system is very simple and requires less than five minutes of work each week. I do not need to watch Apple's share price during the day, and I could care less where the stock closes between Monday and Thursday. All that matters to me is the Friday closing price. The goal of the system is to be long only when Apple has momentum behind its back. To avoid whipsaws and intraday trading noise, I find a weekly chart does the best job of filtering out short term fluctuations in the share price.

So how does the system work?

Entries: The system waits for AAPL to make a weekly close back above its 40-week moving average, and then goes long on the opening of the next week.

Exits: The system exits long positions if Apple makes a weekly close below its 40-week moving average.

The below chart illustrates what this system looks like over the past few years trading Apple:

(Source: TC2000.com)

The green arrows in the above chart are entries to long positions, and the red arrows on the chart show the exits. As you can see from the chart, Apple's relationship with its 40-week moving average gives clues to future performance. If Apple is above its 40-week moving average, you will likely do very well long the stock. If Apple is below its 40-week moving average, it would make most sense to sit in cash until it regains this level.

How do I know the system has outperformed a simple buy & hold approach over the past 20 years? The results are as follows:

(Source: Author's Table)

As we can see from the above table, this system has required very little work, but has outperformed a buy and hold approach by a wide margin. The system has had 16 closed trades in the past 18 years, which is equivalent to less than 1 trade per year. In terms of outperformance, there is a drastic difference. An investor that bought Apple with a starting account of $10,000 would have an investment worth just over $1.8 million if he was still holding today. Conversely, an investor who traded Apple using the above system would have a significantly higher return from inception, with an account worth $3.19 million (3,190% return vs 1,800% return).

(Source: TC2000.com)

So how am I positioning myself?

The most recent signal for Apple came on July 29th of last year, when the stock closed back above its 40-week moving average. This triggered a new long entry on the first day of the next trading week, and I went long Apple at $104.44 on August 1st. Thus far, I am up over 14% on my trade, and my stop currently sits below $106.54 on a weekly close.

Taking a look at the technicals for Apple, the bears really have no business betting against the stock here. Apple has broken out of a weekly downtrend, and has been making higher highs and higher lows for the past nine months. I posted the below chart in my most recent article for Apple with the following excerpt:

As we can see in the above chart, the bear market for Apple is clearly over. The stock has had a weekly uptrend in place since May and is currently forming a base above its previous resistance at $110.00. While Apple has not seen significant price appreciation yet, this does not invalidate the fact that it's begun a new uptrend. Often new bull markets spend a while shaking out all of the weak hands before they eventually take off. I believe we should see a higher high early next year, and expect we will finally see a $120 handle back on Apple.

(Source: TC2000.com)

Thus far, my analysis has been correct, as the stock has made yet another higher high near the $120.00 level. Based on the average winning trade for this system, Apple would move to over $200.00 a share before the next exit is triggered. I am not this optimistic on the stock, but I am standing by my $140.00 price target for 2017. The only way I would change my thesis on Apple is if the stock closes below $106.54 on a weekly basis. We can see in the below chart that Apple's 40-week moving average is beginning slope upwards, which is typically a good sign for a stock. Ideally bulls want to see Apple continue to base above $115.00/share, so the 40-week moving average can assume a slightly more positive slope going into the second quarter.

(Source: TC2000.com)

Apple broke out to a new 52-week high today and is now above its minor resistance from its October highs. This is a very positive development for the stock, as it's recorded a new Turtle buy signal as of today. If Apple sees any corrections going forward, I expect the uptrend line to provide support. The uptrend line currently comes in at $110, and this would allow the stock to make a slightly higher low above its December lows. Personally, the next 5-10% move on Apple to be to the upside as momentum is now at its back on a daily and weekly basis.

(Source: TC2000.com)

Apple remains one of my favorite stocks going into 2017 and is fairly priced compared to historical valuations. Its P/E ratio (TTM) of 14.37 is well below its five-year average, and it currently pays a very respectable yield for a tech company. While those looking for high-growth stocks may see better options elsewhere, the stock is certainly attractive from a value point of view. I see zero reason to doubt the stock going forward, and believe the base it has built over the past year could be a launch pad for the current breakout. The bear market in Apple ended in 2016, and the bears would be better served to go into hibernation while they still can.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: If you liked this article and found it useful, please feel free to follow me by clicking on my name next to my avatar at the top of this article. I also invite you to follow me at www.twitter.com/TaylorDart01 where I routinely share my entries, exits, and stops on new positions, as well as updating followers on sentiment data on markets I am following. 
2017-01-12
Apple, Inc. Barely Grew Mac Market Share Last Quarter The iPhone wasn't the only Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) product to stall in 2016. The Mac has certainly seen better days, too, and the Mac maker lost global PC market share throughout much of 2016. Well, market researcher IDC has just released its latest estimates on the global PC market for the fourth quarter, and there's a little bit of good news for Apple investors. According to the estimates, Apple might have barely notched a gain in its global PC market share.

A total of 70.2 million PCs were shipped in the fourth quarter, representing a year-over-year decline of 1.5%. Apple shipped roughly 5.3 million Macs by IDC's count, which represents a decline of just 0.9%. That's technically enough to earn Apple a tiny bit more market share, performing slightly better than the broader market.

Breaking the trend

According to IDC's quarterly estimates, Apple underperformed the PC market in Q2 and Q3, so outperforming the PC market in Q4, however slight, still breaks the negative trend.

Quarter Apple Change (YOY) Worldwide PC Market Change (YOY) Q1 2016 (2.1%) (11.5%) Q2 2016 (8.3%) (4.5%) Q3 2016 (13%) (3.9%) Q4 2016 (0.9%) (1.5%)

However, it's worth noting that IDC's estimates don't always line up with the actual volumes that Apple reports. In fact, Apple's official figures are worse than IDC's for the first three quarters of 2016 (Q4 results will be released later this month). The company saw Mac units fall by 11.6% in the first quarter, so Apple actually lost share for the first three quarters of the year.

This marks the fifth consecutive year that the global PC market has contracted. For the full year, there were an estimated 260.2 million PCs shipped worldwide, down 5.7% from 2015. Rivals like HP and Dell fared well, growing by 1.3% and 4.3% respectively.

Back to the Mac

Apple has seemingly recovered slightly in the fourth quarter, which is also when it launched its controversial new MacBook Pro. On one hand, the new notebook suffered from supply constraints throughout most of the quarter. Many customers that placed orders early still didn't receive their products until December. It's challenging to fully gauge demand when suffering from supply constraints.

More broadly, Apple has received some deserved criticism over its continued neglect of the Mac, despite recent comments from CEO Tim Cook that Apple is "very committed" to the Mac and that "great desktops" are in the pipeline. Even Apple's former ad man Ken Segall is boggled by what is taking the company so long to update its lineup.

For the longest time, Apple disregarded traditional resource allocation methodologies, simply focusing on building great products and trusting that the financials will take care of themselves. But it seems that under Cook the company may be implementing traditional resource allocation methodologies, where the most important products (iOS devices) get the most attention. It doesn't matter if this is a conscious decision or an inadvertent one -- Mac development is clearly suffering. As long as the Mac remains second-class relative to the iPhone, investors can continue to expect market share losses. Apple Sets Its Sights on Hollywood With Plans for Original Content Technology giant Apple Inc. has been in talks with veteran Hollywood producers about buying rights to originally scripted television programs. The move could be transformative for Hollywood and help offset slowing sales for Apple. Photo: Lucy Nicholson/Reuters

Apple Inc. is planning to build a significant new business in original television shows and movies, according to people familiar with the matter, a move that could make it a bigger player in Hollywood and offset slowing sales of iPhones and iPads.

These people said the programming would be available to subscribers of Apple s $10-a-month streaming-music service, which has struggled to catch up to the larger Spotify AB. Apple Music... U.S. appeals court revives antitrust lawsuit against Apple  
2017-01-13
Better Buy: Apple Inc. vs. IBM In its famous 1984 commercial, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) portrayed International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM) as Big Brother. Once the fiercest of rivals, the two companies are far more similar than different today. Beyond their size and maturity, Apple and IBM shares have also been on a tear over the past 12 months.

Considering their many similarities, it's appropriate for investors to wonder whose shares are the more attractive potential buy today. To better answer this question, we'll put Apple and IBM stocks through a three-part analysis to gain a clearer sense of which one is the better buy now.

1. Financial fortitude

Let's cut to the chase here: Apple wins the contest of financial fortitude by a landslide. It deserves noting, though, that this is more due to Apple's historic profitability rather than any financial imprudence on IBM's part.

Company Cash and Investments Debt Cash From Operations Current Ratio Apple $237.5 billion $87.0 billion $65.8 billion 1.3 IBM $15.0 billion $42.4 billion $18.5 billion 1.2

Apple generates the bulk of its sales overseas, and its practice of keeping its cash offshore has triggered several not-so-small controversies in recent years. Apple held $216 billion of its cash overseas as of its most recent earnings report. That means Apple can't directly tap into the majority of its cash holdings without paying steep repatriation taxes. Rather, Apple borrows against its overseas cash to fund its capital return program.

Turning to IBM, Big Blue similarly has its financial house in order. Though it has leveraged its balance sheet to a certain extent, IBM generates plenty of cash flow to both service its debts and reinvest in its business. However, Apple's overall profitability simply can't be beat, making it the easy winner in this portion of our analysis.

Winner: Apple.

2. Durable competitive advantages

Turning to their competitive moats, Apple and IBM each enjoy some type of competitive advantage over their rivals. However, for both companies, their competitive advantages might not be as pronounced as they might initially seem.

Apple's platinum-grade brand, closed-loop operating system, consistent device leadership, and immense financial resources certainly all contribute to its ability to consistently generate above-average returns on capital. Some of these items should prove fairly straightforward. Apple's Fort Knox-esque cash reserves allow it to buy its way into virtually any industry that interests it. However, Apple's closed-loop software architecture receives far less attention but is arguably more important in terms of supporting Apple's competitive position.

In contrast to Alphabet's Android or Microsoft's Windows operating systems, Apple makes its software and app ecosystem available on its devices. That means users who migrate away from Apple's computers or mobile devices might not be able to bring their content with them, although third-party services such as Spotify have helped erode this situation in recent years. It also bears noting that Apple's product-driven sales model also presents something of a dormant risk. Should Apple somehow badly misstep with one of its annual device designs, its sales could suffer dramatically. Thanks to Apple's consistent device leadership, though, this situation has never come to fruition.

At IBM, the company's longtime relationships with customers and the large percentage of its sales that come from its legacy three-pronged business model provide it with something of a competitive moat as well. However, with the rise of the cloud-computing era and IBM's evolving place in that space, the company's competitive stance has perhaps weakened slightly. To cite one popular -- and important -- metric, IBM's sales have now declined for 18 consecutive quarters. IBM's backlog of prearranged service bookings also fell 0.7% in constant currency terms in its most recent quarter, although IBM still carries roughly 1.5 years' worth of revenue as bookings.

Winner: tie.

3. Valuation

On the surface, Apple and IBM appear to be comparably valued. In terms of their current P/E, forward P/E, and EV/EBITDA ratios, there appears to be little difference between the two at first glance.

Company P/E Ratio Forward P/E Ratio EV/EBITDA Apple 14.3 11.8 9.2 IBM 13.7 12.1 11.1

Pay extra attention to the EV/EBITDA ratio. It's arguably the most useful valuation metric, because it takes into account each company's equity, debt, and cash positions. This is particularly important to consider when analyzing a cash-rich company like Apple, which currently carries $12.73 in cash per share on its balance sheet. Subtracting that cash amount out gives investors a clearer sense of the value the market places on Apple's core operations.

Apple and IBM are both cheap compared with the market as a whole. In fact, after its recent rally, the S&P 500 benchmark trades at a valuation of 26, nearly double that of either Apple or IBM. This steep discount to the market reflects the view that Apple and IBM will probably exhibit little to no growth in the near term, which may not actually be the case. Though their revenue growth outlook isn't particularly rosy -- Apple and IBM sales are expected to rise 6% and fall 2%, respectively, this year -- both companies are among the most effective users of dividends and stock buybacks to drive shareholder returns. In terms of the overall attractiveness of their valuations, though, Apple wins this category as well.

Winner: Apple.

And the winner is... Apple

Apple's edge in two of the three categories examined here make the iPhone maker the more attractive option today. However, that isn't to say that IBM, especially in light of its own cheap valuation, is not a buy. In fact, I like both Apple and IBM shares as interesting potential buys at a time when cheap shares of high-quality companies are becoming increasingly scarce.

So while Apple is the technical winner of this exercise, investors looking for blue-chip technology stocks to buy would do well to further investigate both Apple and IBM shares today. Did Apple's Airpods Strategy Backfire?  Why Peter Thiel Is Wrong About Apple Thiel joins a long list of those who have asserted that Apple is dead or dying.

In an interview with the New York Times, venture capitalist Peter Thiel affirmed that "The age of Apple is over." He went on to say that there would be no more innovation in smartphones. Thiel is wrong about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and mobile device technology.

Source: AppleInsider

Pearls of Thiel Wisdom

I think it's worth noting that the interview appeared not in the Technology or Business sections of the Times, but in the Fashion section. Before I dig into his assertions about Apple, let me offer the reader a few other Thielisms from the interview. The interview was performed as a series of assertions by Maureen Dowd that Thiel either confirmed or denied:

California should secede. Confirm. I'd be fine with that. I think it would be good for California, good for the rest of the country. It would help Mr. Trump's re-election campaign. You like "Star Trek" more than "Star Wars." Deny. I like "Star Wars" way better. I'm a capitalist. "Star Wars" is the capitalist show. "Star Trek" is the communist one. There is no money in "Star Trek" because you just have the transporter machine that can make anything you need. The whole plot of "Star Wars" starts with Han Solo having this debt that he owes and so the plot in "Star Wars" is driven by money. Facebook is a media company. I think the official policy is to deny that. The age of Apple is over. Confirm. We know what a smartphone looks like and does. It's not the fault of Tim Cook, but it's not an area where there will be any more innovation. You think the stock market is a giant bubble right now. Confirm.

It's not that I'm in complete disagreement with Thiel on all issues. I share his preference for Star Wars over Star Trek, although I wouldn't characterize Star Trek as "communist". As for California seceding, well, it might be good for California, but it probably wouldn't be good for the rest of the country. California contributes about 13.5% of the total GDP of the US, and as a separate country would rank seventh in the world.

Smartphone Innovation

Having observed and reported on the frenetic pace of mobile device innovation for a few years now, I think Thiel's assertion regarding smartphones is specious on its face. Smartphones continue to be a key area of innovation in microprocessor technology, cellular communications, display screens and battery technology.

Apple is probably the most important innovator in ARM processors for smartphones of any company on the planet. The company's problem has been and continues to be leveraging that innovation for market advantage. Each new iPhone release features an all-new ARM architecture processor that is the fastest in the industry (at least at the time of launch).

But the functionality of the phone, as governed by iOS, has not changed that much for the past couple of iterations. It's not necessarily apparent to consumers that AAPL's faster processor confers an advantage compared to competing smartphones, and the tech media roundly ignore Apple processors when dismissing iPhone as non-innovative.

There are other areas of smartphone innovation pursued by other companies besides Apple. The development of OLED screens has been a significant innovation pursued mainly by Korean giants Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) and LG (OTC:LGEAF). It is now being reported that Samsung and LG will introduce smartphones with foldable OLED screens this year.

Bendable or foldable displays have long been an active area of research. It's really an exciting and innovative development, and I hope the reports are correct.

Source: Korea Herald

The fact that this innovation isn't coming from Apple shouldn't obscure the fact of the innovation. Apple is also innovating in another and perhaps more important way, by developing new form factors that may eventually serve to supplant the smartphone.

These form factors include Apple Watch, and possibly smartglasses such as those by Osterhout Design Group that I recently profiled. Moore's law is alive and well, especially in the mobile device world, and the advent of 10 nm process nodes from Samsung and TSMC (NYSE:TSM) will enable even smaller and more compact devices. This has been the general trend in consumer electronics for some time.

Another way to exploit the increasing power of mobile device processors is to allow them to function in more traditional computing roles. Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) continues to explore this with the Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) powered mobile devices that were recently announced. Microsoft conceives of these devices (tablets, initially) as cellular PCs that could serve as desktop replacements.

In my article on the iPhone's 10-year anniversary, I pointed out that Apple could easily enable desktop usage of iOS devices (both iPad and iPhone) by providing for cursor support through an external trackpad or mouse. iOS devices can already connect to external monitors. This capability remains unexploited, however.

In sum, smartphone innovation hasn't ground to a halt. It continues to snowball, driven by intense competition in the mobile device industry. Thiel, of all people, should appreciate this, since this is exactly what free markets should do.

The New Age

It struck me as a little odd even to assert an "Age of Apple" let alone that it's over. For the most part, we're still in the Age of Wintel. Wintel computers remain the standard for most business and personal use. And if numbers of smartphones are important, one might as well call it the Age of Android.

Despite numerous signs of decline, one doesn't often hear pundits declaring the end of the Age of Wintel. But in fact, we are entering a New Age, and it's an era in which Windows is no longer the dominant computing platform. I've called this the Tripartite World, because it is shared by Alphabet's (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Android and Apple's OS X derived platforms.

Far from the decline that Thiel seems to contemplate, I see Apple continuing to grow into an equal competitor in the Tripartite World. Indeed, if market capitalization and earnings are any indication, Apple could well become dominant, giving rise to a new Age of Apple.

It's clear that many of AAPL's competitors fear exactly that, and I think this is why media coverage of Apple and its products is so relentlessly negative. In fact, Apple's competitors have less to fear from an Age of Apple than Microsoft's competitors had to fear from the Age of Wintel.

Apple possesses none of Microsoft's (or Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC)) predatory competitiveness. Apple doesn't seek domination of the world, as Wintel did. Apple doesn't need to utterly crush its adversaries. The Age of Apple would be far less oppressive than the Age of Wintel.

Ultimately, Apple truly is motivated by the simple desire to build great products. Not to make the most money, or force everyone to use its products exclusively. In the Age of Apple, there would be far more variety and consumer choice, including Windows and Android.

Investor Takeaway

I'm an Apple investor. That doesn't mean I think Apple is perfect. It's not. Its management can and does make mistakes. If I wanted a perfect company as an investment, I wouldn't have any investments.

Despite its imperfections, I still consider Apple an excellent investment in the long term, and it remains a key holding of my portfolio, as I make clear in the DIY Investing Summit.* Apple has the most profitable computing platform on the planet in its iOS devices. It has world-class ARM processor design expertise that it continues to leverage into new products such as Apple Watch and the wireless Air Pods. Apple's various operating systems share a rock-solid foundation in OS X. Apple has proven that its ability to integrate hardware and software is the best in the consumer electronics industry.

So when I criticize Apple, it's only because I want it to be better, to achieve more, and most importantly, to start growing again. It's what most Apple investors want and still hope for, and no apologies for wanting that need be offered.

Apple's enormous profitability affords it multiple pathways to growth, and in calendar 2017, we will see a number of catalysts for growth. These include new A11 series processors fabricated on TSMC's 10 nm node, a 10th anniversary iPhone, refreshed iPads, an all-new Apple Watch, and new desktop Macs. I remain long Apple and recommend it as a buy for investors with a 3-5 year investment horizon.

*The DIY Investing Summit is a joint project of Seeking Alpha and SA Contributor Brian Bain. The Summit brings together 25 of the top SA contributors, including myself, for in-depth interviews with tips for successful investing in 2017. Normally, the Summit requires a fee, but you can get free access by clicking on the link here.

This is a limited time offer, so please don't wait too long to listen to your favorite SA contributors on the Summit. Thanks for reading, and good luck in the new year!

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Editor's Note: This article discusses one or more securities that do not trade on a major U.S. exchange. Please be aware of the risks associated with these stocks. Attention Shifts to Earnings: Analysts Weigh In on Apple Inc. (AAPL) and ... With earnings season just around the corner, analysts are weighing in on two of the most popular stocks in the market today, Apple Inc.(NASDAQ:AAPL) and Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB). While one analyst expects Apple s Q2 guidance to be above Street expectations, the other believes that Facebook gained momentum in 4Q and poised for upside. Let s take a closer look:

Apple Inc.

King of the earnings season Apple is set to report its numbers on Tuesday, January 31, and for this special event Mizuho analyst Abhey Lamba released a new research note, providing some expectations.

Lamba noted,  We expect results to come in toward the upper-end of management s outlook which would be in-line to slightly above consensus. Our checks suggest stable iPhone demand with potentially better ASPs as a result of product mix. For its outlook, we think estimates are slightly on the higher side and, as such, management s outlook may come in below consensus. However, we continue to favor the stock on significant n-t upgrade cycle. 

 Consensus is looking for mid-single-digit growth in iPhone units in F2Q which, granted an easier compare, is likely on the higher-side given potential demand taper. In all, we expect management to guide revenues toward $51-53bn (+1-5% Y/Y) vs. consensus of $54bn while gross margins could come in around 38.5-39.0% (vs. estimates of 38.6%) on ongoing product mix shift. Implied EPS could come in around $1.95-2.00 vs. estimates of $2.13,  the analyst added.

As such, Lamba reiterated a Buy rating on Apple shares, with a price target of $130, which represents a potential upside of 9% from where the stock is currently trading.

According to TipRanks.com, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, analyst Abhey Lamba has a yearly average return of 8.8% and a 63% success rate. Lamba has an 24.9% average return when recommending AAPL, and is ranked #389 out of 4342 analysts.

Out of the 45 analysts polled by TipRanks, 37 rate Apple stock a Buy, 6 rate the stock a Hold and 2 recommend a Sell. With a return potential of 9.6%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $130.69.

Facebook Inc

Raymond James analyst Aaron Kessler is extremely bullish on Facebook Inc (NASDAQ:FB) ahead of upcoming earnings on Wednesday, February 1. The analyst upgraded FB from Outperform to Strong Buy, while keeping the price target at $160.

Kessler explained,  We upgrade shares of Facebook to Strong Buy given: 1) 4Q checks are positive and show continued momentum in 4Q; 2) we believe FB can continue to report upside to consensus estimates in 2017 despite some debate around ad load growth and expense growth; 3) we believe risk/reward is attractive with shares trading at ~24x/19x our 2016/2017 non-GAAP EPS (vs. expected 25% EPS CAGR). 

 We believe Street estimates, which call for ~41% operating expense growth, are reasonable and would note over the last three years, FB non-GAAP operating expense growth has come in ~7.5%, 9%, and 8.5% below original guidance (at midpoint). We have increased our expense growth modestly for 2017 though are still below consensus (34% vs. 41%),  the analyst added.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes. According to TipRanks, analyst Aaron Kessler has a yearly average return of 13.4% and a 62% success rate. Kessler has a 49.2% average return when recommending FB, and is ranked #148 out of 4342 analysts. 
2017-01-15
Apple Inc. Supplier Readying for Ramp-Up of New 10-Nanometer Tech Contract-chip manufacturing giant Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM) recently announced its earnings results, provided forward guidance for the current quarter, and provided a lot of insight on the ramp-up of its next-generation chip-manufacturing technology, called 10-nanometers (10nm for short).

TSMC's new 10nm technology is expected to bring performance, power, and area benefits compared to its current generation 16nm technology. Those improvements should allow its customers -- with Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) being a big one -- to develop chips with better performance and more features than what they could create with older-generation technologies.

On TSMC's most recent earnings call, company executives provided some key business and financial insight around its upcoming 10nm technology.

The big bang comes in the second half of 2017

TSMC has previously said that it expects to begin production shipments of its 10nm technology in the first quarter of 2017. On the call, TSMC Chairman Morris Chang explained that, although production of 10nm chips will "start to ramp in the first quarter [of 2017]," shipments will "ramp-up very strongly in the second half.

TSMC's Lora Ho later said that revenue from 10nm wafers will exceed 10% of the company's quarterly revenue in the third quarter of the year. For the full year, she said, TSMC's revenue from 10nm wafers will make up more than 10% of the company's yearly revenues -- implying that 10nm shipments during the fourth quarter of the year will make up much more than 10% of revenue.

Several mobile-processor makers are expected to use TSMC's 10nm technology in the second half of 2017, including MediaTek (a low-cost mobile chipmaker that aspires to gain traction in the high end of the market), HiSilicon (Huawei's chip-development arm), and of course, Apple.

Apple is likely to be far and away the largest customer of TSMC 10nm wafers. Apple's iPhone volume is likely to shift very quickly to the next-generation models powered by 10nm chips, and Apple's iPhone is the highest-volume premium smartphone in the market.

The revenue-ramp profile that TSMC is talking about here -- small volumes in the first half of 2017; large volumes in the second half of 2017 -- is consistent with Apple's established iPhone-release schedule.

Great market-share expectations

Chang offered some commentary around his market-share expectations for its 10nm technology. He said that, a year-ago, he "vowed then that every new [manufacturing] node from now on will have a market share higher than our market share on 16 [nm]."

Chang didn't give a specific market share figure for the company's 16nm technology, but estimated it at between 65% and 70%. He then told analyst Mehdi Hosseini that TSMC is confident that the company's share of the 10nm market would "very definitely" be above 65%."

Gross margin impact of 10nm transition

Ahead of new manufacturing-technology introductions, TSMC generally tells investors that, as those new technologies ramp-up, they'll dilute the company's consolidated gross profit margins for quite a few quarters.

The transition to 10nm will be no different. Chang told investors that the company expects the ramp-up of its 10nm technology to negatively impact the company's gross profit margins by 2% during the second half of the year. 
2017-01-16
Weak Demand May Impact Apple Stock Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has launched enough new iPhone models to be using the "iPhone 7" label for its latest. Each new model is supposedly packed with new features and comprise an "upgrade" that many iPhone users see as mandatory. One area where the iPhone has lagged is battery life. For many users (like me) that is a key feature. I am not alone. In a 2014 survey done in the U.K. almost 90% of users pointed to long battery life as a key consideration in buying a smartphone.

Source: Richard Hartley.com

Here is a recent comparison of iPhone 7 battery life to its key competitors.

Source: BGR.com

With all the geniuses at Cupertino, it is hard to imagine how Apple could be so far behind in battery performance unless you open your mind to the possibility that it is not happenstance. Does Apple purposely ensure its battery performance is sub-par? Is it a ploy to announce a major "upgrade" that does little more than catch up to the flagship devices sold by Apple competitors? I don't know, but it seems odd that such an important feature is so sub-par.

Batteries have become a key competitive battleground since the ill-fated Samsung Note 7 was released and immediately captured headlines for a spate of battery fires and explosions. Similar problems with iPhones got little public attention, a testimony to the strength of the Apple brand and the spin masters of Apple marketing.

While Apple has lost some market share, iPhone sales remain at high levels and even the strongest critics seem to think any decline in sales will be relatively minor, pointing to relatively minor cutbacks in production of iPhone components by a handful of suppliers as evidence of weaker than expected demand.

Of course, Apple fans always point to the "next big thing" - in this case, the iPhone 8 which is reportedly going to represent a major overhaul of the device - perhaps including an improved battery.

Forecasting iPhone sales has been a mugs game with even such heavyweights as Goldman Sachs unable to keep to a forecast for long. Wall Street in general keeps forecasting sustained growth for the iPhone while Goldman cut its forecast in mid-2016 by a substantial amount.

Source: Fortune

Pacific Crest calls for shipments of 225 million iPhones this year, not that far off the Goldman forecast.

KGI Securities analyst Ming Chi-Kuo calls for lower iPhone sales citing weakness in China and the likely absence of an upgrade to the iPhone SE.

Apple investors should pay attention to the signs of lagging iPhone sales if they materialize. At an average selling price of somewhere around $650, every 10 million iPhones contributes $6.5 billion in sales and very likely $4 billion contributed value to Apple. A fall of 30 to 40 million units would do serious damage both to Apple's income statement and to the credibility of the brand. No one (that I know of) foresees that dramatic a decline but I think it is in the range of possibilities.

The third quarter of 2016 demonstrated a continued decline in iPhone market share to less than 12%, a result I am sure Apple hopes will be reversed by demand for the new iPhone 7.

Source: Instant Flash News

Q4 2016 sales were disappointing for the full range of Apple products.

My forecast for fiscal 2017 is a bit more pessimistic than most. Based on a total smartphone market of 1.5 billion units and iPhone market share of 14%, I see iPhone sales of 200 million units. The tablet market is likely to be somewhere around 150 million units and iPad market share 25%, more or less.

The PC market should be in the range of 275 million units in 2017. Apple has a 7% market share, suggesting unit sales of 19 million.

Those data point to calendar 2017 sales of Apple products of $217 billion with earnings per share of just over $7.00. Those estimates exclude any tax penalty imposed by overseas authorities like Ireland and are based on a 26.5% tax rate and an assumed 37.5% margin.

It seems clear (at least to me) that the days of Apple growth are history and the company has become a very profitable, mature technology company with too much exposure to one product line. If we have a market downturn, which I see as long overdue, a price to earnings multiple of 15 times will be hard to justify, putting a value on Apple stock of $105-$110 per share. A more likely multiple of 12 times puts AAPL at $85 a share.

That puts me well in the camp of those who see AAPL as overvalued and a contrarian to those who see gains of up to 60% for AAPL stock in 2017.

I realize I am in the minority on this call, and certainly disagree with those who see 2017 as likely to be Apple's best year ever.

In any event, I would avoid the stock. 
2017-01-17
Why I'd Be Terrified of Apple, Inc. Acquiring Netflix People have been speculating about Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) acquiring Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) since the dawn of time. While there are some valid strategic rationales for doing so, the financial justification for such a deal would be untenable largely because of Netflix's lofty valuation.

Consider the fact that Netflix's current enterprise value is around $60 billion, even before factoring in some sort of acquisition premium. That's already about 20 times as large as Apple's biggest acquisition to date, the $3 billion purchase of Beats in 2014. The size of the Beats deal was itself unprecedented, about six times as large as any Apple acquisition before it. A Netflix acquisition also would be extremely dilutive to margins (Netflix's net margin is about one-tenth of Apple's).

Beyond all of that, there are signs that Apple is looking to dabble in original video content. While the company has explicitly stated that it has no intention of competing directly with video streaming services, instead clarifying that any original video content would serve as a differentiator for Apple Music, Apple's growing interest in video will only spark even more speculation about a possible Netflix acquisition going forward. Meanwhile, CEO Tim Cook has said that price will no longer be a limiting factor for potential acquisitions. Here's Cook just a few months ago on the November earnings call:

We are open to acquisitions of any size that are of strategic value where we can deliver better products to our customers and innovate more. And so we look at a whole variety of companies, and based on that, we choose whether to move forward or not. But we're definitely open and we definitely look.

So yeah, I'd expect the speculation over a Netflix acquisition to only intensify from here. Here's why that terrifies me.

An unflattering comparison

To be clear, I'm a shareholder of both companies, and as such my Netflix position would benefit quite nicely if Apple were to scoop up the dominant video streamer at a hefty premium. Yet if that ever came to fruition, I'd be scared of what that says about Apple.

If Apple were to acquire Netflix, it would be an incontrovertible admission on Apple's part that it's running out of ideas for its core business, and the expansion via acquisition into online video streaming services would not only be ridiculously expensive but also desperate. We've seen this play out before. When growth companies start to mature, organic growth becomes more elusive and management teams sometimes turn to blockbuster acquisitions as a way to get investors excited again, buying growth in new markets instead of creating it organically.

In general, the risk that an acquiring company takes is commensurate with the price tag, since the magnitude of the premium directly affects how much goodwill is subsequently recorded on the balance sheet -- goodwill that may be written down and impaired if the deal fails to create value. Even now, the book value of Netflix's shareholder equity is just $2.5 billion.

Furthermore, it's not as if Apple investors are pricing in considerable growth expectations right now. Shares are currently trading at just 14.4 times earnings and 2.9 times sales, far cheaper than peers. You might argue that Apple could spur multiple expansion if it increased investor growth expectations (such as with an acquisition), but the flip side could be that investors hate the deal because of the financial implications and what it says about Apple's ability to innovate on its own, which may send shares lower and contract its valuation multiples. It's rather common for shares of acquiring companies to fall when they announce deals due to investor skepticism, particularly large ones. They bigger they are, the harder they fall.

If Apple were to ever announce this mythical Netflix acquisition, I would consider it the first sign that Apple may indeed entering a lost decade similar to what its software rival from Redmond experienced in the early 2000s. It wouldn't be a coincidence that that company's lost decade included numerous blockbuster acquisitions, many of which failed and collectively resulted in tens of billions of dollars in shareholder value destruction. Note that the initial rationales for many of those deals wouldn't be dissimilar to why many believe that Apple should acquire Netflix.

Please don't do it, Tim. Apple Inc.'s "Super Cycle" Problem Later this year, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to launch new smartphones that will, per some analysts, catalyze a "super cycle" -- essentially a significant acceleration in iPhone shipment growth because of a major fundamental change to the phones.

The last such super cycle was the iPhone 6 cycle. Apple was late to bringing large-screen smartphones to market, which led to significant pent-up demand for large-screen iPhones. Once Apple finally delivered them -- in late 2014, Apple released two large-screen phones (iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus) -- the company enjoyed substantial iPhone unit and average selling price growth.

After this super cycle, sales of Apple's iPhone 6s series of smartphones were poor, driving the company's first-ever year-over-year iPhone unit decline. The iPhone 7 series appeared to be getting off to a good start, but now we are seeing several analysts trimming their estimates as negative supply chain data comes in.

Apple bull Katy Huberty with Morgan Stanley, for example, just reduced iPhone revenue estimates for the current fiscal year (units down 7%, partially offset by 4% increase in estimated average selling prices) due to "weaker iPhone 7 demand" (though she notes that iPhone 7 Plus is stronger).

However, Huberty, like many Street analysts, is expecting that the iPhones released later this year will catalyze an iPhone 6-like super cycle. Huberty, for example, expects Apple to ship 253 million iPhones in fiscal year 2018 (up 20% year over year) with average selling price growth of 6%.

All this talk about super cycles, though, leads me to wonder the following: Can Apple find a way to grow iPhone unit shipments and revenue between these so-called super cycles?

Killing the super cycle

The harsh reality is that the main reason that these super cycles ever happen is that Apple's product development methodology leads to the company delivering products that are, on the surface, very similar for at least two generations (three, in the case of the iPhone 6, 6s, and 7).

That's not to insult the hard work that Apple's engineers put into each new generation of devices; under the hood, Apple's iPhone 6s was a solid jump from the iPhone 6, and the iPhone 7 was a nice improvement from the iPhone 6s.

The engineering of Apple's latest phones is superb -- the displays are excellent, the applications processor generations ahead of the competition in some ways, and much more -- but the phones have the same general look and feel as iPhones from 2014 and 2015.

Here's the problem, though -- does the average smartphone buyer care about all of the fine work that went into engineering the latest iPhones?

Do average consumers really care beforehand (and this part of it is key) that the chip inside of the iPhone 7 runs circles around the one in the aging iPhone 6 that they're using? Probably not. But it is the sort of thing that a consumer can come to appreciate once she or he has purchased the new phone for other reasons (such as, "I like how it looks").

Consumers seem to be attracted to devices with thinner bezels than the ones found on the current iPhone models, and curved displays also seem to be in vogue. OLED displays, too, are becoming more popular, even in non-curved smartphones.

With the next-generation iPhones, Apple is rumored to deliver these aesthetic and technical changes/improvements, which is why so many are counting on a super cycle.

By introducing these features, Apple not only serves to stop current iPhone users from defecting to competing devices, but it can also bring people back who had switched precisely because Apple wasn't delivering the "whiz-bang" features and aesthetics that they were looking for.

In other words, pretty much exactly what happened when Apple finally introduced larger iPhones.

By now, it should be very clear how Apple can kill the super cycle -- it needs to make aesthetic/design changes at a faster pace. A new aesthetic every two years was already pushing it, but forcing customers to wait three years simply seems to be too much.

These changes don't even need to be sweeping generation-over-generation, but they need to be noticeable to the average smartphone buyer.

If Apple can do that, then the super cycle concept will die, and along with it, the uncomfortable boom/bust cycles that Apple's iPhone business suffers over multiyear periods. How This Apple Inc. Supplier Created Hundreds of Thousands of Jobs in the ... One of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) most important component suppliers is Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (NYSE:TSM), or TSMC for short. TSMC is believed to be the sole manufacturer of the Apple-designed A10 applications processor that powers the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, and it also builds chips for many chips that Apple procured from third-party suppliers, to boot.

On TSMC's most recent earnings call, analyst Charlie Chan asked TSMC Chairman Morris Chang the following question:

My first question is regarding the advisory reports to the U.S. President this Friday, because in a report, the U.S. seems want to ensure their semiconductor leadership, especially in the leading-edge, so what will be TSMC's strategy to beating this policy direction and ensure your own leadership? Thanks.

Chang had a very extensive answer in which the key message is this: TSMC has created "hundreds of thousands of jobs in the United States in the last 20-30 years of [its] existence."

How could a chip manufacturer that owns and operates no manufacturing plants in the United States create so many jobs in this country? Let's take a closer look.

Building an industry

Chang began by explaining that TSMC "for all practical purposes" created the fabless semiconductor industry model. Early in the life of the semiconductor industry, a company that wanted to design and sell chips also had to build those chips. As the complexity and costs associated with chip manufacturing grew, it became increasingly impractical for chip designers -- especially smaller ones -- to afford to own and operate their own chip manufacturing plants.

What TSMC did is recognize that, while many chipmakers individually didn't have the scale to develop new chip manufacturing techniques and spend all the money to build out manufacturing capacity, many small chipmakers, in aggregate, could provide the necessary revenue and unit scale to make chip manufacturing feasible.

By enabling virtually any chipmaker, large or small, access to robust chip manufacturing technologies and sufficient capacity, TSMC created a ton of value for its shareholders, and made it possible for more chip companies to emerge and even prosper.

With that background in mind, we can now understand Chang's job-creation argument.

Fabless semiconductor industry employs many

"The fabless industry, I believe, employs hundreds of thousands of people in the United States," Chang explained on the call. A fabless semiconductor company, as is implied by the name, is a chipmaker that relies on third parties to manufacture its chips, since chip-manufacturing plants are often called "fabs" -- short for "fabrication plants."

"So, I think we'll continue to create more jobs in the United States by helping the fabless industry in the United States," Chang added.

The executive also made another good point: It isn't just fabless semiconductor companies that rely on TSMC for chip-manufacturing services -- there are chipmakers that run their own manufacturing plants based in the United States that rely on TSMC for manufacturing services.

Intel (NASDAQ:INTC), which brings in about twice the annual revenue that TSMC does, is a prime example of a chipmaker that owns its own manufacturing plants -- many of which are based in the United State -- but still relies on TSMC to manufacture some of its products, such as wireless chips.

These aren't manufacturing jobs in the United States that TSMC has created, but because TSMC allows many chipmakers to operate and thrive without needing to own and operate their own chip plants, the semiconductor industry can support a broader, more diverse range of companies.

Those companies often employ many individuals in the United States, including chip-design engineers, engineers who work closely with TSMC to build their products, product marketing, and much more.

Some examples of large United States-based employers that rely on TSMC for the manufacture of some, if not all, of its chips include Qualcomm, the leading merchant mobile chipmaker, and smartphone giant Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), which has large chip-development operations in California and Texas. Maybe Apple, Inc.'s AirPods Aren't Doing As Well As You Think Last week, e-commerce analytics tracker Slice Intelligence estimated that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) was already dominating the market for wireless headphones, thanks to the launch of AirPods in December and supplemented by Beats' existing strong position in the market. Specifically, Slice was estimating that Apple was grabbing an impressive 40% of the wireless headphone market between AirPods and Beats combined. If that sounded too good to be true considering the severe supply constraints that AirPods are currently suffering from -- well, maybe it really was.

Survey says

Market researcher NPD has now released some data that questions Slice's estimates (via CNET). According to NPD's data for December 2016, Apple currently only has 2% unit share of the wireless headphone market, while Beats has 25% unit share. Given Apple's premium pricing for both products and brands, that translates into 3% revenue share for AirPods and 46% revenue share for Beats. Here's how some of the other top players fared for the month, ranked by revenue share.

Company/Brand Unit Share Revenue Share Beats 25% 46% Bose 8% 19% LG 10% 7% Sony 7% 6% Apple 2% 3%

For reference, NPD estimates that a year ago in December 2015, Beats was able to grab 24% unit share and 49% revenue share, comparable performance to this time around; Beats' strong position in the premium headphone space was one key reason why Apple acquired the company. More importantly, Beats was able to maintain its position even as the market has been evolving and shifting toward wireless Bluetooth headphones, so Beats is keeping up with the times.

Why the difference?

That's a pretty drastic discrepancy between Slice's numbers and NPD's numbers for AirPods -- 26% compared to 3% in revenue share, respectively. There are a few possible explanations.

For starters, Slice only looks at online sales and its methodology revolves around analyzing e-receipts that are aggregated from a panel of over 4.4 million online shoppers (the sample sizes for Slice's estimates ranged from about 2,900 shoppers to over 350,000 shoppers). NPD, in contrast, also includes brick-and-mortar sales along with online sales, which should provide a more comprehensive view of the market. While e-commerce has been growing for years, brick-and-mortar retail still comprises a meaningful chunk of the market, so ignoring that part of the market can lead to some faulty conclusions.

Additionally, given Slice's methodology of tracking e-receipts, it's not clear how unfulfilled orders are treated. It's possible that Slice picked up on a surge of online orders following the launch, but AirPods are still suffering from severe supply constraints and new orders don't ship for six weeks. It seems conceivable that a lot of the sales that Slice is tracking may not be filled yet, and only tracking e-receipts could artificially inflate the figures even if many of those customers haven't actually received their products.

Still impressive

Here's the thing: Even if investors go with NPD's far more conservative figures, it's still an impressive debut for AirPods. Keep in mind that AirPods launched in mid-December, and yet despite constraints and only being available for half of the month, they were able to grab 2% unit share and 3% revenue share in a fairly large market. And those numbers only go up from here. Apple: It's All About The User Base You have heard it all before - Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL) benefits from a large, robust and loyal installed base of iPhones users. This locks in future replacements and recurring cash flows that provide significant downside protection and the potential introduction of new products and services provides a free option.

My analysis adds value by diving deep into the installed base and related key drivers. In turn, I will show that Apple is significantly undervalued even if future cash flows are significantly reduced in my conservative and unlikely base case (free cash flow FY16A-17F: -16%).

I assume no more growth in the iPhone's user base and no more successful product introductions in the foreseeable future despite Apple's continuously demonstrated innovative characteristics and its perceived highly talented workforce and management team.

Numerous other contributors have provided insightful analysis on Apple's innovative capabilities including autonomous driving cars and the iPhone's unrealised potential. Countered by this bear article.

Steady installed base of 520m iPhone users assumed from FY16 onwards

As such, the only iPhones sold from now on would be replacement units to existing customers and there are no more net Android (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) switchers to the Apple universe. This assumption is considered conservative given market research by Gartner:

"We expect the market for premium smartphones to return to 3.5 per cent growth in 2017, as stronger replacement cycles kick in and in anticipation of a new iPhone next year, which is expected to offer a new design and new features that are attractive enough to convince more replacement buyers"

In addition, CIRP indicates that 17% of iPhone 7/7 Plus buyers in the U.S. stepped over from Android devices (as per 16th November 2016 -no reverse switching data is available), and the market share of iOS in the U.S. increased by 7% to 40.5% L3M October 2016.

Unfortunately, Apple has not disclosed a breakdown other than the wider iOS and OS X environment surpassing 1bn active units in January 2016. Gartner estimated a total installed base of >500m active iPhones in the first half of 2016. I since checked this number in my model applying several replacement cycles over the past years.

It can be disputed that my assumed installed base number is too low, and a quick search on news outlets, blogs and sell-side research suggests more optimistic views of 550-630m units in 2015-16.

The replacement cycle extends from 2.5 to 2.7 years in the forecast period

A challenge to my investment thesis is the potential lack of innovation in smartphones and in turn the decreased addition of new features. As a result, consumers could hold on longer to their iPhone before buying the latest version. This risk was recently highlighted by well-known venture capitalist Peter Thiel who dramatically stated that the "Age of Apple" is over, yet his assertion is highly debatable as argued in this Seeking Alpha article.

However, repurchase cycles seem already to fully incorporate the assumed slowdown in new innovative features for the last couple of years. The elongation of the repurchase cycle seems to have stabilized at 2-2.5 years in the U.S. since 2014 after an increase by circa three months in 2013-14 (source: below CIRP figure roughly translated into the underlying numbers). Furthermore, Gartner states replacement cycles of 2.5 and 2.2-2.5 years of premium devices in mature and emerging markets respectively, and overall it expects no substantial shifts in the next five years.

Age of Previous iPhone of iPhone Buyers (trailing twelve months):

Source: CIRP, 7th June 2016

My assumption is conservatively on the high end of the indicated 2-2.5 year range, and the projected cycle is further extended over time. Further comfort is taken from the fact that the cycle has to be drastically stretched to almost 4.5 years in my base case before my valuation reaches the current share price of $119 at the time of writing.

Base case or bear case - iPhone sales going down

Source: Apple, contributor assumptions

All my conservative assumptions combined result unsurprisingly in depressed future sales numbers.

Source: Apple; contributor assumptions

The average sales price is projected to remain USD 619 per unit from FY17 onwards in line with 4Q16 performance. A potential adverse shift in product mix due to the SE model is assumed to be fully absorbed in the average 4Q16 pricing. Any potential inflationary increase of sales prices is also excluded. Although I believe this to be fully offset by the risk of increased price competition.

Base case shows robust free cash flows

Source: Apple; contributor assumptions. Notes: 1. effective tax rate: 25-26% p.a.; no deferred income tax expense add-backs included; 2. FY17 one-off lump sum payment of approximately $14bn relates to the EU tax ruling; 3. excludes add-backs regarding share-based compensation schemes (FY16: $4.2bn); not all FY16A cash flow items are presented in the table

Free cash flow is roughly $42bn p.a. in the projection period (excluding the one-off lump sum in FY17) which is significantly below FY16A performance due to:

Decreasing iPhone sales partly offset by other products and services.

Margin pressure of 1.1% from FY17 onwards reflecting competition risk and potentially increased manufacturing costs.

Base Case valuation - USD 140 per share

Source: contributor assumptions

The valuation implies an upside of 18% compared to the current share price. More importantly, investing in Apple is highly attractive with a significant margin of safety even in the case of using conservative assumptions.

Harsh and unlikely sensitivity scenario underlines significant downside protection

Although I believe that the current base case is already sufficiently depressed, a more sensitized case is helpful to further assess the downside risk and test the robustness of my assumptions.

Let's see which events we have to plug in to get to the current share price:

The installed base is decreased to 500m iPhones.

The replacement cycle is immediately extended to 3.0 years in FY17.

The average sales price is reduced by 10% to $581 per device in FY17 onwards.

EBITDA margin is further scaled down by 2% in the period.

As a result, projected free cash flow contracts significantly to $32-35bn p.a.

Closing remarks

Apple's shareholders require more granular insight into the key installed base and the overall replacement cycle in order to fully appreciate the business. I urge Apple to disclose this key information instead of providing some soft hints on an irregular basis.

I believe that Apple is an attractive investment with significant downside protection. That said, the underlying value is capped due to no imminent landmark product introductions coupled with the reliance of my investment thesis on the iPhone - do not expect a multi-bagger. Apple: Why We Expect New All-Time Highs In 2017 We lay out the whole line of positive catalysts for Apple and explain simply why we should see new all-time highs in 2017.

By Scott Tzu with Thom Lachenmann

A secular shift has been taking place on the technology landscape and it has been so slow moving and difficult to notice that nobody seems to care. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) devices are finally overtaking Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) Windows devices, marking the end of a decades-long era where Windows was the assumed dominant operating system and Apple was always second in the industry. While tough to make out, Mac OS X is now elbowing its way into Windows territory.

Yes, Apple has come a long way since the ugly Microsoft bailout at Macworld 1997.

And when it comes to what operating system users are using to bridge the gap between phone and device, iOS is clearly paving the way. As you can see in the below chart from Statista, phones that use both Wi-Fi and Mobile are dominated by iOS, showing the strength that the mobile platform has to potentially move users into tablets, and eventually, computers. It's a natural progression from one product to the next. This is what gives Apple its strength in total sales.

We wanted to touch upon this briefly today and also talk about some long term, mid term and near-term catalysts as to why we think Apple will soon be through its all-time highs and moving higher before 2017 comes to a close.

BGR reported last week that Apple will finally have overtaken Windows in terms of total devices sold. This is news of a serious proportion, so we were a bit surprised when we didn't see it mentioned on any of the technology blogs that we read. The article stated,

Windows vs Mac is just about the oldest battle in computer fanboy history. Right-click sheeple against computers that just barely work is a flame war for the ages. But in the history of the rivalry, it's always been accepted that Windows will be sole on more devices. Quality vs quantity is a defining feature of the disagreement. But starting in 2017, it looks like things might change as Apple steals one of Windows's most important stats. According to analysts at Gartner, sales of Apple devices (that's iOS and macOS, not just MacBooks) will eclipse Windows sales for the first time this year. Windows has held a diminishing lead for years, but 2017 looks to be the year the tide finally turns. Gartner is forecasting Apple to sell 268 million iOS and macOS devices this year, an increase of 8% on 2016 numbers. That's a big jump, but if you consider that Apple just released the long-awaited MacBook Pro update, and is set to release a big iPhone update this year, that's not unrealistic.

This means a couple of things for Apple. It diversifies them as a company, it will change attitudes about using Apple products in environments where they are not popular, and it could mark the beginning of another golden age for Apple investors. With Apple taking on original content and showing signs of becoming a media company, coupled with the fact that there may be tax incentives for the company to repatriate some of its offshore cash, we believe that Apple has both short-term and long-term appeal for investors, and that is why we are long.

Let's look at the first reason why this shift is important. Apple is pretty much known now on the street exclusively as a smartphone company. The iPhone generates a good portion of the company's business and it is subsequently scrutinized all year round. Not only is it scrutinized as new models come out and are released, but suppliers for all of its parts are also scrutinized year-round in order to try and get a picture on how the phone has produced, will produce, and will be producing in the future. This narrative helps to diversify Apple a little bit more by adding focus to the company's other line of products.

While the iPhone is always going to be incredibly important and part of the lifeblood of the business, the supplemental roles played by MacBook, iMac, and now the App store and the iTunes store will come further into focus as Apple looks for these types of niches to capture in order to move forward with new growth avenues.

This shift also changes the narrative about the company for younger generations. When we were coming up through high school and university, Windows was simply the standard. While some art students and educators used Apple products, it was not considered to be a serious product for working professionals. Take, for instance, data collected in the early 2010s showing which operating system college students at the time preferred,

As Apple now shifts to become the standard in the industry, these niche markets are going to have no choice but to re-examine Apple potentially playing a role at their respective workplaces or specialty outfits. With Apple's recent enterprise partnerships with both IBM (NYSE:IBM) and Microsoft, the company has proven that it can also be a tool in the workplace and the number of Apple products that we see in the financial industry, while still small, has increased meaningfully over the last few years.

To walk into a hedge fund's office and see anything other than Windows-based terminals and Bloomberg terminals used to be an impossibility. Now, it's becoming reality. Moving into 2016, the company had already built a $25 billion enterprise business.

As these shifts continue to take place and Apple finds opportunities for business in pockets where it previously hasn't, it could be one of many factors that contribute to the beginning of a new golden era for Apple investors. While the shift of the technology landscape is a longer-term catalyst, we believe that there exists several short-term catalysts that could be beneficial to Apple investors and could drive the stock to and through its all-time highs in relatively short order.

One potentially positive catalyst is the Trump administration making it easier for companies to repatriate cash into the United States. As most investors know, most of Apple's cash is domiciled overseas and any tax breaks that may make it easier for the company to bring some of this cash back into the United States would easily be a positive for shareholders, as it is assumed that at least a portion of this cash would continue going towards shareholder-friendly initiatives like buybacks and dividends. Bloomberg wrote back in November that this repatriation would stand to benefit investors the most:

The president-elect has suggested that cutting taxes on companies' accumulated offshore earnings from the current 35 percent to 10 percent would persuade them to repatriate that income; as the money returned, so would jobs. In fact, the capital is more likely to benefit investors than jobseekers. It's not a shortage of funds that has held back job creation by U.S. companies. Apple Inc., Microsoft Corp., Pfizer Inc. and many others have raised huge amounts of cash -- using low-interest debt -- to buy back shares and boost dividends, not build new factories in the U.S. Asked what he would do with repatriated cash should the Trump administration slash taxes on foreign profits, Cisco Systems Inc. Chief Executive Officer Chuck Robbins said in a phone interview last week: "We do have various scenarios in terms of what we'd do but you can assume we'll focus on the obvious ones -- buy-backs, dividends and M&A activities." Gary Dickerson, CEO of chip equipment maker Applied Materials Inc., said much the same.

We expect Apple would do the same. The amount of cash that Apple has on the sidelines is in the hundreds of billions and it continues to grow, despite Apple servicing its debt and returning plenty of capital to shareholders still. This is a near-to-mid term catalyst that we think could be of potentially huge benefit for Apple shareholders.

Another piece of news that made its way out this week was that Apple was considering heading into original content. We are not going to beat a dead horse and talk again about how important we believe content is going to be to the future, but you can reference any number of our previous Twitter (NYSE:TWTR) or Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) articles to get a feel for our take on content. Marketwatch reported last week:

Apple Inc. is planning to build a significant new business in original television shows and movies, according to people familiar with the matter, a move that could make it a bigger player in Hollywood and offset slowing sales of iPhones and iPads. These people said the programming would be available to subscribers of Apple's $10-a-month streaming-music service, which has struggled to catch up to the larger Spotify AB. Apple Music already includes a limited number of documentary-style segments on musicians, but nothing like the premium programming it is now seeking.

Regardless, it seems Apple is going to be getting into content, which is a logical move from the media extension of its business that currently exists. Apple is already selling new content both in music and video, and it certainly has the firepower and brand power to create its own content. What Apple shareholders should look forward to, if this happens, is Apple seeing a perk up in its valuation to get a bit closer to content companies now.

Microsoft, for instance, doesn't offer much content but offers several software as a service options. It has a P/E multiple of almost double what Apple's multiple is. If Apple can start to participate in these types of subscription-based software services (media content or otherwise), we would not be surprised to see its multiple expand accordingly.

Like all good fundamental investments, we think that there is also an opportunity for growth in Apple stock from simply organic growth. It doesn't need to be financial engineering in order for Apple investors to make money. Those investing now may enjoy the benefits of multiple expansion, organic business growth and additional buybacks, all of which we think will easily move Apple closer to the $200 per share mark over the next couple of years.

We believe Apple to be one of the best fundamental investments available and one of the safest places to put your capital in the market right now. We look forward to this new era, where Apple enjoys its operating system finally being the standard and we are excited for the initiatives that the company has in place for the near future. We are long.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Inc. Faces a New Threat to the iPhone 8 (AAPL) Apple inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) is all too familiar with Andy Rubin. The creator of Android led the effort to knock iOS off its perch and take a commanding lead in the smartphone platform wars. With a critical iPhone 8 release scheduled for 2017, Rubin is once again poised to be a thorn in AAPL s side with news he is preparing to launch his own Essential smartphone.

Source: Global Playground

If the new AI-powered, flagship smartphone from Rubin s company lives up to the hype, the Samsung (OTCMKTS: SSNLF ) Galaxy S8 and the next Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) Pixel Phone may be the least of Apple s worries this year.

Re-Introducing Andy Rubin

A one-time Apple engineer, Andy Rubin quickly became a serious threat to the company s mobile ambitions. In 2003, he co-founded Android. When Alphabet s Google bought the mobile operating system in 2005, he became the Google senior vice president responsible for Android.

Rubin continued in the position until 2013, when he took over Google s robotics division before leaving the company altogether in 2014.

Now, Rubin is back in the spotlight with his own company   Essential   which is focused on artificial intelligence. And it features a flagship smartphone as its product centerpiece.

The Essential Smartphone

Bloomberg was the first to report on Andy Rubin s new company after CES 2017. According to Bloomberg, Rubin is in discussion with mobile carriers, including Sprint Corp (NYSE: S ), about the Essential smartphone.

The device is still in the prototype stage, but sources say Rubin is planning to launch it by the middle of the year, at a $649 price point. That would mean a new flagship smartphone hitting shelves just months before the iPhone 8. It would add to the tough competition of the Galaxy S8, which will be heavily promoted by Samsung, as well as the follow-up version of Google s Pixel Phone.

The Essential smartphone may pose an even bigger threat to the iPhone 8 than these two Android front-runners.

Bloomberg s sources describe a smartphone with a larger display than the iPhone 7 Plus, but a smaller form factor because the Essential smartphone has an edge-to-edge display that lacks bezels. A magnetic connector does double-duty for charging and as a port for hardware accessories, including a spherical 360-degree camera. The screen could be pressure-sensitive, like the iPhone s. And Essential is reportedly working on a ceramic back, which would utilize the same premium material used in AAPL s latest flagship Apple Watch Edition Series 2.

Behind it all, the Essential smartphone would feature advanced AI technology, which would take on Siri.

Is This a Real Threat to the iPhone 8?

On one hand, it s easy to dismiss the Essential smartphone. It s still in the prototype phase, and if its design is finalized, it may ultimately lack some of the features like the ceramic back. There are big unanswered questions, too, including what operating system it will run.

Next Page Apple Q1 Guidance Review: The Trend Is Your Friend 2016 will be remembered for a lot of things. While some were figuring out if they were deplorable or not, most of us were just plain tired of the continual political barrage found on our social and news media. Some of us who follow Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) were figuring out that this stock was also tired and maybe not capable of the quantum leaps of the past. A look at the monthly average daily volume for 2016 shows a continuation of the long-term declining trend (Source: StockCharts.com):

The excitement isn't there. Even on this site, the number of Apple-related articles declined. From the October earnings announcement through the end of the year, there were only 109 articles. That number was 154 six months earlier.

Since the last earnings announcement on October 25th, Apple's stock dipped 10% before closing the year at relatively the same level of the last quarter. With all of the hoopla of Dow 20,000 during this time frame, you would think this Dow 30 stock and former market mover would take part. It did not (To be fair, some of Apple's cohorts on the Dow also did not fully participate in the nearly 9% run-up over this time frame. Stocks like Cisco (NASDAQ:CSCO), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Merck (NYSE:MRK), Nike (NYSE:NKE), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), Visa (NYSE:V) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) did not really take part either).

But yet, as the stock continues to trudge through the doldrums, many Apple "bulls" still look upon Cupertino to lead us to the stock market nirvana. As I always have said, I prefer to rely on facts and numbers to formulate my own opinion and consequent investment plans.

My article analyzing the Q3 numbers lead me to project Apple's earnings for Q4 to be $1.68 per diluted share. Apple reported $1.67 per share. Close enough in my book. Let's see if we can figure out where Q1 will be going using history, Apple's guidance and a little common sense. Data was taken from a number of sources as noted and including AAPL's earnings transcript on the Seeking Alpha website (here), Apple's website, and the 10-K and 10-Qs found at SEC.gov.

Q4 Results - Revenue

Apple reported Q4 revenue to be $46.852 billion, a 9.0% decline from Q4 2015, but in line with the range of guidance from the previous quarter. The company began providing a range of revenue for its guidance starting with Q2 of 2013. In those 15 quarters, Apple has never missed the low end of its guidance. In fact, actual revenue has averaged 6.9% higher than the low-end guidance for these 15 reported quarters. Last quarter was 3.0% over the low-end guidance of $45.5 billion.

Q4 Results - Gross Margin

The gross margin for Q4 was identical to that of Q3 at 38.02%. This put the fiscal year gross margin at 39.1%. Like revenue, since Q2 of 2013 when Apple began guiding a range for gross margin, the reported number has never been below the low guidance. This quarter came in just over the high guidance of 38.0%, at 38.02% (Let's not forget, .02% doesn't sound like much, but in real dollars this equates to $11 million towards profits).

Q4 Results - Operating Expenses

Since its guidance epiphany that Apple had back in Q2 of 2013, Apple has provided guidance for operating expenses in an expected range. For these 15 quarters, it has never seriously come close to the high end of its guidance. In fact, the 15-quarter average is just 0.1% over the low-end guidance. This past quarter was no exception. Apple had guided operating expenses to be up a little from the previous quarter to a range between $6.05 billion and $6.15 billion. The expenses came in at $6.052 billion.

Q4 Results - Other Income (Expense)

Q4's other income for Apple came in significantly higher than the $350 million that it gave as guidance for the quarter. The quarter saw other income come in $77 million more than expected at $427 million. This area has been a tough area for Apple to guide as the range of difference to guidance is all over the map. The good news is that this entry has only been an expense once in the last 32 quarters (Q4 2012).

Q4 Results - Tax Rate

Apple's provision for taxes in Q4 came in at 26.04%. This was considerably higher than its guidance of 25.5%. Perhaps I should rescind my statement from last quarter's analysis because it does not look like Apple's tax department had its act together when forecasting the guidance for Q4. The tax rate for the fiscal year did come in at 25.56%.

Q4 Results - Share Count

As pointed out in previous articles, there are three share counts Apple reports in its quarterly and annual reports. The header of the report includes the share count at the time it completes (internally) the report. This number was reported as of 10/14/16 and was 5,332,313,000. This was down 56,120,000 (1.04%) from the previous quarter, which is slightly less than the average post-split quarterly drop of 1.28%.

The share count used to determine earnings per share, which is a weighted average (see Note 1 of the 10-K notes to consolidated financial statements), increased 0.5% (27,500,000 shares) to 5,500,281,000 (fully diluted). This increase is typical to the last four annual reports.

The third share count reported by Apple is the one used to determine shareholders' equity as of the close of the quarter. This was reported as 5,578,753,000, up 3.44% from the previous quarter, an increase of 185,588,000 shares. This is the first increase since the split in Q3 of 2014. Since one quarter does not make a trend, I will leave further prognostication on this to the Seeking Alpha comment nation.

Q4 Results - Earnings Per Share

For Q4, diluted EPS came in at $1.67. Using Apple's guidance numbers and last quarter's ending share balance, the expected range was between $1.51 and $1.66 per share. Summarized in the table below are the pertinent numbers regarding Q4 guidance, our projections, and the Q4 actual:

Q4 Review Category Apple Guidance My Projection Apple Actual Revenue - Low $45.5 billion $46.638 billion $46.852 billion Revenue - High $47.5 billion Gross Margin - Low 37.5% 38.37% 38.02% Gross Margin - High 38.0% Expenses - Low $6.05 billion $6.097 billion $6.052 billion Expenses - High $6.15 billion Other Income (Expense) $350 million $350 million $427 million Tax Rate 25.5% 25.5% 26.04% Share count - Diluted EPS Not Provided 5,380,000,000 5,500,281,000 Surprise Not Applicable $0.00 $0.02 Earnings Per Share Not Provided $1.68 $1.67

Projections for Q1

In the following paragraphs, I will present my analysis for each of the guidance numbers as we head into Apple's Q1 earnings announcement next week.

My Projections for Q1 - Revenue

When I look at the history of actual to guidance over the last 16 quarters, the average difference between actual and the low guidance is 6.44%. This number is propped up by outliers that occurred in the Q4 2014 to Q2 2015 time frame. The same holds true for the difference between the high guidance and actual coming in at 1.45% over high guidance. This is propped up by an outlier that occurred in Q1 of 2015.

Quarter Low Guidance High Guidance Actual Q2 2013 $41.0B $43.0B $43.603B Q3 2013 $33.5B $35.5B $35.323B Q4 2013 $34.0B $37.0B $37.472B Q1 2014 $55.0B $58.0B $57.594B Q2 2014 $42.0B $44.0B $45.646B Q3 2014 $36.0B $38.0B $37.432B Q4 2014 $37.0B $40.0B $42.123B Q1 2015 $63.5B $65.5B $74.599B Q2 2015 $52.0B $55.0B $58.010B Q3 2015 $46.0B $48.0B $49.605B Q4 2015 $49.0B $51.0B $51.501B Q1 2016 $75.5B $77.5B $75.872B Q2 2016 $50.0B $53.0B $50.557B Q3 2016 $41.0B $43.0B $42.358B Q4 2016 $45.5B $47.5B $46.852B Q1 2017 $76.0B $78.0B

Over the past four quarters, actual over low guidance has been a "mere" 2.0%. In keeping with my premise that Apple is now a much more mature company, I believe that this is a more reasonable approach to the revenue number. My projection for Q1 revenue is 2% over low guidance or $77.52 billion.

My Projections for Q1 - Gross Margin

History repeated itself. For Q3 and Q4, Apple guided gross margin to be between 37.5% and 38.0%. Both times, the actual came in at 38.02%. This also marks the 14th quarter in a row where gross margin exceeded the low guidance. It is also the 12th out of the last 13 quarters that gross margin has exceeded the high guidance.

For Q1, Apple has raised the bar slightly to guide gross margin in the 38.0% to 38.5% range. I am going to go with a continued beat to the high side matching the 15-quarter average of plus 0.35%, giving an expected gross margin of 38.6%.

My Projections for Q1 - Operating Expenses

The trend continued for operating expenses. Since Q2 of 2013, when Apple began providing a range for its guidance of this parameter, the actual has yet to exceed the high end of the range. I would certainly expect that trend to continue. The average operating expenses to revenue ratio for Q1 is 8.92%. Using my expected revenue number of $77.52B, this puts operating expenses at $6.915B. This fits the trend and is in line with Apple's guidance of $6.9 to $7.0 billion, so I will go with this number.

My Projections for Q1 - Other Income

This item, although small in the bigger picture of earnings, is the one parameter that doesn't seem to be able to be trending or for that matter even capable of trending. The actual can be off by 50% in either direction from guidance. For lack of a better number, listening and using Apple guidance for this parameter is probably best.

My Projections for Q1 - Tax Rate

The tax rate for Q4 came in much higher than the rest of the year at 26.04%. Apple has reflected this increase in its guidance by going a full half point higher than each of the last three quarters, settling on 26.0%. Fiscal 2016 was the first year since fiscal 2012 where the tax rate was less than 26.0%.

Anyone following Apple realizes that taxes are a complicated matter for this company. With the ongoing Ireland/EU tax case pending resolution, appeals and potential U.S. problems with those findings, this is one parameter that could continue to fluctuate and take many more quarters to resolve. For that reason, I will accept Apple's guidance on this as well, going with a 26.0% tax rate for Q1.

My Projections for Q1 - Share Count

Apple's share count is dependent on the open market, its accelerated share repurchase (ASR) plan, other repurchases, and its employee purchase and compensation plans. For purposes of this exercise, I use the weighted average shares outstanding which is used to calculate earnings per share.

Apple does not provide a quarterly breakdown for the weighted average shares by quarter in its 10-K annual report. I backed into this number using the rest of its parameters and came up with a Q4 weighted share count of 5,396,000,000. This puts the share count drop to 76,624,000 for the quarter or approximately 1.4%. The average quarterly decline in share count for fiscal 2016 is slightly lower at 1.27%. This is in line with fiscal 2015's average quarterly drop of 1.25%. Both Q4 and Q1 drops have been the higher points of the year since the split, so I think a repeat of Q4 is in order with a 1.4% drop. This puts my projection for Q1 at 5,320,611,000 for weighted average share.

My Projections for an Earnings Surprise for Q1

Q1 of 2017 is a 14-week quarter. Will this result in an earnings surprise? Let's look at some facts and questions we must answer to determine if a surprise is probable.

Q1 has historically been the quarter of surprise even when the other quarters don't measure up. Apple announced record-breaking App Store sales for New Year's Day (falls in fiscal Q2) and called it a "record breaking holiday season". For 11 out of the last 16 quarters, actual EPS exceeds EPS calculated from Apple's guidance. EPS for the last three quarters has not exceeded the high-end EPS calculated from Apple's guidance. Note: The basis for last quarter's finding regarding the surprise factor. The continued exuberance of the market - irrational or not? Will market exuberance translate into consumer confidence and how much of a benefit has this been to Apple?

Based on my beliefs, I would think a surprise is probable. The question then becomes how much. The trend for Q1 surprise is declining rapidly - from 47.4% five years ago to just 2.6% a year ago. The five-year average stands at 19.6%. I'm inclined to go with a continuation of a moderate surprise, i.e., one equal to last year at 2.6%.

Wrapping It All Up - The Q1 Projections

In the table below, I've shown Apple's guidance and my projections for Q1 and calculated out the projected Q1 earnings per share. Because Apple does not guide on share count, I provided a few options for that parameter.

Parameter Apple Guidance for Q1 My projections for Q1 Revenue $76.0-78.0 Billion $77.52 Billion Gross Margin 38.0-38.5% 38.6% Expenses $6.9-7.0 Billion $6.915 billion Other Income (Expense) $400 million $400 million Tax Rate 26.0% 26.0% Share count No Guidance Provided 5,320,611,000 Earnings per Share using Shares outstanding on 10/14/16 $3.09-3.27 Earnings per share using my Projection for Q1 $3.10-3.27 per diluted share $3.26 per diluted share Surprise 2.6% Consensus $3.22 per diluted share My projection $3.34 per diluted share

Potential Effect on the Stock Price

From September 21st's Q4 close through the close on the day of the earnings call, Apple's stock gained $5.54 (4.9%) to close at $118.25 per share. A week after the election, Apple hit a low for the quarter at $104.08. On the Q1 close of 12/31/16, the stock closed at $115.82, a gain of $3.11 or 2.76% for the fiscal quarter. Meanwhile, its peers on the Dow Jones Industrial Average overcame this lackluster performance ( and others as well) to post an 8.2% gain over the same time frame.

As of this writing (1/15), the current P/E for Apple is 14.39 ($8.27 TTM earnings - Barron's). It continues to lag its peers on the DJ Industrial Average which sports a 21.68 P/E (according to WSJ.com). Using consensus earnings adds .1 to the P/E to 14.49 at the current close of $119.04. I doubt that hitting consensus would raise the bar and allow the stock price to break the resistance levels just above $120.00.

On the other hand, an upside surprise based on my predicted EPS would lower the P/E by .1 to 14.29 and may give enough impetus to push the P/E towards 15 and break those resistance levels. A P/E of 15 using my predicted EPS would put the stock at $124.95.

Of course there are many ongoing big picture issues that can have effects on macro movements of the market which could translate into further exuberance, or the possible doomsday decline that everyone was expecting. There has been an underlying battle between the Apple Bears and Bulls as to which direction the stock will move. This battle continues and will probably rear itself in the comments section once again.

Or then, there is stagnancy. Let's face it. If you bought Apple at the closing price on December 5, 2015, over 13 months ago, you'd only be better off by a penny (plus dividends). In fact you could go back 10 more months to Feb. 2nd and be only better off by a dime (plus another couple of bucks in dividends). And this is where I think we are at. It's a solid company. It pays a decent dividend. It may soon be able to repatriate some of its hoard of cash and do something with it. So, buy it for the maturity. Buy it for the covered call opportunities. Buy it for the sustained dividend. Buy it for the hope and glimmer that a technology giant with the cash and capability to innovate has the real possibility to reinvent itself from a phone manufacturer into the next thing you and I have to have.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: From time to time, I/we utilize Apple as part of a covered call rotation. I do not expect to have a position this month. 
2017-01-18
Currency Woes Force Apple, Inc. to Increase UK App Store Prices This isn't the first time that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has had to increase international prices in response to currency fluctuations. Generally speaking, the U.S. dollar has been on a multiyear run, strengthening against most of the world's currencies since 2014. In recent memory, we've seen the company adjust prices in Russia following incredible volatility of the ruble in 2014, followed by Canada, Australia, and the European Union in 2015. Importantly, currency risks aren't going away anytime soon, considering the fact that roughly two-thirds of Apple's business comes from abroad.

Following the U.K.'s historic decision last summer to exit the European Union, the pound has taken an utter beating relative to the dollar. The pound's weakening is largely in response to concerns around the economic impacts of Brexit combined with capital outflows coming out of U.K.

In response to the pound's continued weakness, Apple has been forced to increase prices in its U.K. App Store by approximately 25%. This isn't a decision that Apple takes lightly; it knows that pricing volatility is bad for consumers, and price increases naturally hurt local demand. "We price our products in a way that is in general reflective of pricing here in the United States and it's a pricing that we want to keep in place for reasonable periods of time," CFO Luca Maestri noted on a 2014 earnings call. "We do not like to make sudden changes to our pricing."

But Apple has to balance its own financial needs with those of consumers, and if the fluctuations are beyond the scope of its currency hedging program, it has little choice but to adjust prices in order to preserve its financials.

The more important price hike is already in the rearview mirror

The silver lining for investors is that adjusting App Store prices will likely have a pretty small impact on the business. Remember, this is for digital content that the U.K. installed base purchases over time, which subsequently gets accounted for in Apple's services segment. We don't know the size of Apple's installed base in the U.K., but it's not really a large country overall relative to other markets, with a current population of approximately 65 million.

More importantly, Apple already increased the prices for its actual products last year, a couple months after the Brexit vote. In September, Apple increased iPhone and iPad prices, including for the new iPhone 7; the hikes ranged from 30 pounds to 60 pounds. Macs saw more meaningful increases in October, given the higher prices for computers. The Mac Pro saw a price increase of a gut-wrenching 500 pounds. Those price hikes were far more painful for U.K. customers.

Europe isn't a growth market for Apple (sales up just 3% in the third quarter), but hopefully those price increases didn't hurt Apple's sales during the holiday shopping season too badly. Apple reports fourth-quarter results at the end of the month. Will Synaptics Incorporated Win the Touch ID Spot Inside of the OLED Apple Inc ... Analyst Timothy Arcuri with Cowen recently put out a note in which he went over some of the information that his team gleaned from supply chain checks (via AppleInsider). You can read the full AppleInsider article for the rest, but there was one portion of the report that stood out:

Arcuri reiterated those claims, and predicted that Apple may switch to [Synaptics' (NASDAQ:SYNA)] optical-based fingerprint reader for the new Touch ID sensor, citing it as "currently the only workable solution" for detecting a fingerprint through a smartphone screen.

By way of background, Apple purchased a chip company known as AuthenTec back in 2012, and it is this acquisition that gave Apple the key technology and people that allowed it to debut its Touch ID fingerprint scanning technology in the iPhone 5s and in subsequent models.

Does it make sense that Apple will eschew its homebrew fingerprint sensor technology in favor of a solution from Synaptics? Let's take a closer look.

It's possible if Apple's own tech development is behind schedule

It's extremely likely that Apple has been working on technology to support sensing fingerprints through the screen. Indeed, it's extremely unlikely that Apple purchased AuthenTec just so that it could build a couple of generations of fingerprint sensors and then just stop.

Apple would have been better off not buying AuthenTec in the first place and just sourcing fingerprint sensors from them and/or other suppliers in that case.

No, the reason that Apple likely shelled out the money to buy AuthenTec is almost certainly that it wanted to be able to develop differentiated technologies to help realize the company's future product visions.

By developing this technology in-house, Apple not only limits the amount of future product information that it must share with third parties, but -- if successful -- allows Apple to enjoy a competitive advantage for some time.

That's what happened with the original Touch ID, and that could very well be the case that it is developing a unique technology to allow it to scan fingerprints through the screen itself.

Nevertheless, while Apple's technical execution tends to be good, the company is by no means perfect. Apple's development teams may have run into technical snags in developing its homebrew through-the-display fingerprint sensing solution, and it could very well need to lean on third party suppliers -- like Synaptics -- for the right technology.

The potential scenarios

If Apple does turn to Synaptics for fingerprint scanning solutions for the OLED iPhone, this would represent a very nice revenue and profit boost for the latter -- at least through the next iPhone cycle. The risk, of course, is that it would likely only be a matter of time before Apple designed out Synaptics in favor of a homebrew solution, meaning that any financial boost for Synaptics would be short lived.

The other scenario is that Apple's in-house efforts are working just fine and Synaptics doesn't win the business at all. This, in my view, is the more likely scenario.

In either case, though, I'm not optimistic that there's a long-term opportunity for Synaptics to provide fingerprint scanning solutions to Apple. Synaptics' best bet is to continue to court weaker smartphone vendors -- ones that don't have the inclination or ability to develop their own technologies in-house. 
2017-01-19
Does This Apple, Inc. Stock Recovery Have Legs? Following a lackluster 2016 that saw Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) just barely squeeze out some outperformance relative to the S&P 500, shares now seem to be recovering from the negativity. It's worth noting that Apple did spend much of last year underperforming the market, including the final months of the year. The Mac maker only pulled ahead in the last couple weeks. Shares are now trading in the ballpark of $120, levels not seen through all of 2016.

Investing is a forward-looking endeavor, so the real question is: Does this recovery have legs and will shares continue higher, or will shares gyrate lower and we're now just seeing the top of range-bound trading?

Why 2016 was so tough

Last year marked the first time that Apple posted year-over-year declines in iPhone unit sales, both on quarterly bases as well as for the full fiscal year. Considering the importance of the iPhone to Apple's financials, that's an incredibly tough storyline to beat. Apple investors in particular are known to be an emotional bunch, and investor sentiment is a function of emotion. It also didn't help that Apple Watch -- along with the broader smartwatch market -- is already suffering from weak demand and likely year-over-year declines in unit sales, too.

The skepticism only fueled the idea that Tim Cook's Apple can't innovate in the same way that Steve Jobs' Apple could. Just this week, a former Apple engineer argued that Cook changed "Apple from a dynamic change-maker into a boring operations company," among other critical comments about Apple's direction and ability to innovate.

I'd agree that Apple is a lot more boring these days, but I don't think focusing on operations is necessarily a bad thing. Execution and operations are intimately linked, and don't forget how nearly all of Apple's pertinent operating metrics -- including iPhone unit sales and revenue, among many others -- have skyrocketed under Cook's leadership. Those gains are more attributable to strong execution than revolutionary new products.

It's hard to see shares rising much from here

Don't get me wrong; I've long been the Fool's resident Apple perma-bull, and Apple remains one of my largest holdings. But in my opinion, it seems likely that Apple shares will remain range-bound and we may simply be near the top of that range. I've noted a significant disconnect between the buy-side and the sell-side, which I attribute to poor investor sentiment on the part of the buy-side. The sell-side has less skin in the game, and lofty price targets are often derived by using comparable peer valuation multiples.

If Apple stock is to really rise meaningfully from here, the company has to overcome the prevailing perception that it has lost its innovative touch, which would subsequently inspire investor confidence. Maybe then the market will price in higher valuation multiples. The problem is that disproving the skeptics takes a long time. And lacking any revolutionary breakthrough products in the short-term pipeline (i.e., in 2017), the company doesn't have many other ways to prove them wrong. Is This Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor True? On Twitter, user Arkthub sent me a link to a forum post containing an interesting rumor about a key component inside of Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) 2017 smartphone lineup. The forum post, which appears to have originally shown up on website TheLayoff.com, essentially says the following:

Apple won't use Intel 's NASDAQ:INTC)

's Apple will instead use Qualcomm's NASDAQ:QCOM)

Although on the surface this rumor might seem reasonable, it doesn't quite make sense upon further thought.

The XMM 7560 probably won't be ready

Intel CEO Brian Krzanich has made it clear that the company intends to release new stand-alone cellular modems at an annual clip. Intel began shipping the 7360 during the second quarter of 2016, so it makes sense that the follow-on to 7360, which Intel calls the XMM 7480, will begin shipping in the second quarter of 2017 -- just in time for Apple's next-generation iPhone models (if Intel wins the spots, that is).

It seems very unlikely that Intel would have the follow-on to the XMM 7480, known as the XMM 7560, ready for commercial deployment in time for the iPhone 8 launch. After all, if the XMM 7560 were going to be all set for commercial deployments just a year after the XMM 7360 shipped, then wouldn't it make sense for Intel to just cancel the XMM 7480 altogether?

So, at the very least, this part of the rumor doesn't appear to be likely.

What modems will be inside of the next iPhone, then?

The following is pure speculation on my part -- there haven't been many leaks about the next-generation iPhones, particularly with respect to the individual components and suppliers thereof that will be in the phones.

However, key Apple supplier Broadcom (NASDAQ:AVGO), which supplies radio frequency (RF) and Wi-Fi connectivity components for Apple's iPhones, has indicated on several occasions that it expects to enjoy dollar-content increases in successive iPhone generations.

Increased RF content suggests enhanced wireless capabilities, which not only helps Broadcom's business, but also tells us that cellular modem upgrades are probably on the way.

The iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus use either Intel's XMM 7360 or Qualcomm's Snapdragon X12   depending on the model. The Snapdragon X12 is more capable than the XMM 7360, but Apple appears to be artificially restricting the capabilities of the former to ensure parity of wireless specifications of both.

One hypothesis that I've put out there in the past is that Apple could deliver better wireless capabilities in its rumored OLED iPhone model compared to the capabilities found in the more mainstream models. In that case, I could see Apple using Qualcomm's Snapdragon X16 modem (i.e., gigabit-class LTE) in the OLED model, and then sticking with the X12 or using the Intel XMM 7480 in the other ones.

The X12 would, once again, need to be "sandbagged" to bring it to parity with the XMM 7480 (the X12 supports up to 600 megabits per second download speeds; the 7480 supports just 450 megabits per second).

We'll know more in about eight months when Apple formally unveils its next generation iPhone models. Is This What's Held Back Apple, Inc.'s Cellular Baseband Ambitions? "There is no stand-alone modem business anymore."

That's NVIDIA CEO Jen-Hsun Huang from a conference call way back in 2013, when the company was developing a Tegra mobile processor with an integrated baseband modem to challenge Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM). The baseband market had been shifting toward integrated solutions for years, and Qualcomm was by far the technological leader with integrated cellular connectivity. Integration provides significant benefits in costs and power efficiency relative to stand-alone modems.

Yet, here we are in 2017 and Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is still using stand-alone baseband modems. The Mac maker had been exclusively sourcing modems from Qualcomm for about five years, and only recently added Intel to the mix as a second supplier. But over the years as Apple's own chip ambitions grew with its A-chips, this question has lingered: Why hasn't Apple integrated cellular connectivity into A-chips? We know the company places high value on power efficiency, which directly affects battery life.

The answer may potentially lie in the FTC's recent anticompetitive complaint (link opens PDF) against Qualcomm.

[Redacted] = Apple?

While the complaint has an entire section dedicated to Qualcomm's relationship with Apple, and all the ways Qualcomm leveraged its baseband supplier relationship to score exclusivity, the second charge is that Qualcomm consistently refused to license its standards-essential patents (SEPs) to competitors at fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (FRAND) rates, contrary to its commitments.

For smartphone OEMs that it supplies basebands to, Qualcomm has incredible leverage since any disruption in baseband supply could cripple their ability to make mobile devices. But for competing suppliers where Qualcomm lacks that leverage, licensing SEPs enables competition. Things get a little murkier when you talk about vertically integrated companies that are both customers and competitors. Samsung comes to mind as a prominent customer of Qualcomm chips as well as a maker of applications processors and baseband processors.

Apple has long been a customer, and common sense suggests it should also have been interested in licensing Qualcomm's SEPs in order to integrate cellular connectivity into its own chips. Over the years, there's been tons of evidence that Apple is building its own wireless chips.

Naturally, Qualcomm wouldn't want to lose Apple's baseband business; did Qualcomm refuse to license its SEPs to the iPhone maker? What if Apple is the redacted company from this part of the complaint?

In breach of its FRAND commitments, at odds with its recognition that other industry participants "will require" a license to its FRAND-encumbered SEPs, and in tension with its practice of securing patent licenses for the benefit of its own customers, Qualcomm has consistently refused to license its SEPs to competing suppliers of baseband processors. Several of Qualcomm's former and current competitors, including Intel, [redacted], and Samsung, have sought SEP licenses from Qualcomm. In each instance, Qualcomm refused to grant a SEP license.

You might not consider Apple a competitor to Qualcomm, but it very much is, particularly as its chip engineering teams have ballooned in recent years. Apple designs many competing semiconductors, even if it doesn't sell them to other companies and just uses them in its own products. Qualcomm competes for Apple's business against Apple's own chip teams.

Refusing to license SEPs to Apple could be the perfect answer to the question that's been bothering me for years, since that would easily explain why Apple has yet to integrate cellular connectivity. Apple simply can't risk losing access to Qualcomm's modems, since the iPhone accounts for two-thirds of sales.

And it's not as if Apple could quickly ditch Qualcomm basebands in favor of its own A-chips with integrated cellular connectivity; it would take years for Apple to design and develop even after scoring a SEP license and it would need basebands in the interim. That's not a transition that Qualcomm would be supportive of, as granting Apple a SEP license would merely lay the foundation for Apple eventually ditching Qualcomm's basebands.

As a result, Apple has quietly endured Qualcomm's demands for the past five years. 5 Apple Inc. (AAPL) Chipmakers Trending Higher Despite Weak iPhone Sales Nearly 10 years ago, Steve Jobs took the stage at an Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) keynote event to introduce the first smartphone designed and built by the company. Little did he know that what he unveiled that day would grow to become the most popular consumer electronics product of all time.

Its popularity lifted financial performance to new heights for the next decade, making Apple the most profitable company in the world.

But the success of the iPhone doesn t solely revolve around Apple. In fact, many of its chip suppliers were put on the map as a result of the smartphone. These chipmakers heavily rely on iPhone sales, perhaps to a fault, to carry earnings growth on a quarterly basis.

The recent downturn consequently put a damper on sales metrics for Skyworks Solutions, Qorvo and Cirrus Logic while larger suppliers like Broadcom and Qualcomm effectively weathered the storm. With earnings season almost fully underway, Apple phone sales will once again come into focus.

More often than not, the chip companies provide a fairly clear signal of how phone sales will fare.

Broadcom Ltd (NASDAQ:AVGO)

Broadcom s exposure to Apple dropped considerably after agreeing to merge with Avago Technologies in mid 2015. The merged entity now generates about 15% of total revenue from Apple with exposure to China handsets, data centers, broadband and wireless jumping higher. Greater diversification helped offset any headwinds created by weak iPhone sales over the past year and a half. In fact, Broadcom delivered better than expected earnings and in line revenue for over 2 years and counting.

Analysts at Estimize believe the company s growing exposure to new technologies will drive financial performance moving forward. The consensus data is looking for $3.49 per share on the bottom line on $4.09 billion in revenue for the fiscal first quarter. This reflects a 37% increase in earnings with a 125% jump in sales from a year earlier.

Skyworks Solutions (NASDAQ:SWKS)

Skyworks kicks off its fiscal 2017 by looking beyond its two major customers, Apple and Samsung, to drive quarterly results. Moving ahead, the company will be looking to Internet of Things to complement its growing presence in mobile. Its latest IoT application released last week provides additional support to a leg of the company that makes up 25% of total revenue. Whether its autonomous vehicles, smart homes, or routers, Skyworks plays an important role as long as mobile connectivity is involved.

That said, earnings prospects remained relatively muted ahead of earnings season. The Estimize consensus is calling for $1.60 on the bottom line, about compared to the same period last year. Revenue for the period is forecasted to drop by 3% to $905.40 million, reflecting a slight improvement from the previous quarter.

Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC)

Intel recently won a significant portion of Apple s modem chip business for the newest iPhone 7 but that didn t come without controversy. Following the release of the phone many customers complained that Intel s chip lagged in performance compared to previous provider Qualcomm. The performance tests put the newly founded relationship in question, but recent news out of the Intel camp put those concerns to rest. At the annual Consumer Electronic Show this year Intel unveiled its first modem chip for smartphones that uses 5G technology. The new modem won t actually reach smartphones users until 2018 at the earliest but many reports suggest that progress has outpaced Qualcomm.

Beyond the push in mobile, Intel remains committed to expanding in automobiles, Internet of Things and other higher growth technologies while maintaining its dominance in CPU processors. For the upcoming quarter to be reported analysts at Estimize expect Intel to continue its winning streak, calling for a 4% increase on the bottom line and 6% on the top.

Qorvo Inc (NASDAQ:QRVO)

Qorvo s over-reliance on Apple iPhone s puts investors in a precarious position heading into earnings season. The new iPhone 7 came out of the gates hot, but new reports claim that sales were not as good as previously expected. As demand for the phone continues to fall, don t expect to see QRVO sales surge in the fourth quarter. Fortunately, like other Apple chipmakers, the company positioned itself into many other high growth markets such as 5G technology and Internet of Things. Revisions activity for the fourth quarter continue to edge down, making the stock s historical 5% decline during earnings season a realistic possibility.

Cirrus Logic, Inc. (NASDAQ:CRUS)

Shares of audio processor specialist, Cirrus Logic, doubled in value in 2016 despite a host of troubles concerning iPhone sales. Apple is hands down Cirrus s largest customer and currently accounts for two thirds of the company s total revenue. This number is down from previous years which is when Apple made up nearly 80% of revenue. Despite the phone s troubles, Cirrus Logic continues to crush analyst s estimates, showing the most promise of Apple s suppliers. Analyst s at Estimize are calling for earnings per share of $1.64 on $497.71 million in revenue, reflecting an 85% increase on the bottom line and 38% on the top. 
2017-01-20
Apple Inc. Planning New iPad Launches in 1st Half of 2017 According to a pre-publication note in DigiTimes, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is preparing to launch three new iPad models in the first half of 2017. The note, which doesn't include too many details, says that in the first quarter of 2017 -- this quarter -- Apple will begin producing what it refers to as a "9.7-inch iPad with a friendly price range."

Then, in the second quarter, Apple is expected to begin producing two flagship products: an updated 12.9-inch iPad Pro and a 10.5-inch iPad. The note doesn't refer to it as an "iPad Pro," curiously enough.

Apple's iPad business has been struggling for quite some time, with multiple years of unit declines. To put things in perspective, Apple shipped nearly 68 million iPads in its fiscal 2014; that figure plunged to 54.9 million in fiscal 2015 and then to 45.6 million in fiscal 2016.

Revenue, too, has struggled as well, with iPad-related revenues dropping from $30.3 billion in 2014 to $23.2 billion in 2015, and then again to $20.6 billion in 2016.

Apple obviously isn't going to give up on this product line, so its best course of action is to continue to invest in building excellent products to try to stimulate demand -- or, more pessimistically, stem the rate of demand declines.

Let's take a closer look at what we should expect from these new iPad models, and what they could mean for Apple's iPad business.

The cheaper 9.7-inch iPad

Today's 9.7-inch iPad offerings consist of the discounted iPad Air 2 and the pricier 9.7-inch iPad Pro. The latter has a faster processor than the former (A9X vs A8X), superior wide-color True Tone display, improved cameras, support for the Apple Pencil, and support for Apple's smart keyboard.

Previously, KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo said that the cheaper 9.7-inch iPad will incorporate an Apple A9 chip manufactured by Samsung (NASDAQOTH: SSNLF). The use of the A9 chip in the low-cost 9.7-inch model, rather than the A9X that's currently featured inside the 9.7-inch iPad Pro, should make the device cheaper to manufacture.

Additionally, by using the A9 in the cheaper model, Apple will be able to market a larger performance delta between the low-cost 9.7-inch iPad and the pricier 10.5-inch iPad and 12.9-inch iPad Pro.

It will be interesting to see how else Apple de-features the cheaper 9.7-inch iPad to both save costs and encourage upsell to the 10.5-inch or 12.9-inch models. Apple Pencil and Smart Keyboard support seem likely candidates for the chopping block here.

In terms of impact on Apple's iPad business, it's generally a good thing to deliver more value for the money with new products at a regular clip, but this doesn't seem likely to be a game changer for the iPad business.

The newer 10.5-inch and 12.9-inch models

The more interesting products will almost certainly be the higher-end 10.5-inch iPad and 12.9-inch iPad Pro. These should include faster A10X processors, potentially upgraded display technology, and -- in the case of the 10.5-inch model -- a newer design or form factor.

The current 12.9-inch iPad Pro launched in November 2015, so it's getting quite long in the tooth   regular device improvements are generally needed to catalyze demand. The good news is that if Apple can deliver a worthwhile refresh, it should be able to boost demand for its jumbo-sized iPad model.

The real star of the show, though, is likely to be the 10.5-inch model. It's been a long time since Apple has fundamentally changed the look and feel of its iPad models, but that looks set to change with this product.

For one thing, Apple is moving from a 9.7-inch display to a 10.5-inch display, an interesting change. Beyond that, the device is rumored to have very thin bezels, in sharp contrast to the very large ones found on the current 9.7-inch iPad Air/iPad Pro models.

The device may have a significantly improved aesthetic, which could help jump-start customer interest.

Additionally, if Apple includes the "faster display technology" Bloomberg mentioned last year, then this could really transform the user experience, as high refresh-rate displays make things so much smoother.

Apple's iPad business could get a nice boost in the second quarter from these new products. Additionally, the buzz that these products may potentially generate could help keep people interested in Apple ahead of the launch of its next-generation iPhone models in the fall. Despite Criticism, Apple Inc. Found To Offer Best Experience In Every Category Apple always had an image of being an innovator and general leader of all things exciting, but recently, several questions about this were raised. Many accused the company of not being an innovator anymore, claiming that not only it is dull, but also its products are the same and old. However, real people who have a different opinion say that the brand delivers more than any other in all the product categories in which it operates.

Apple leads in all categories

Research consultancy Brand Keys just released its 2017 Customer Loyalty Engagement Index, which seeks to find the  category drivers that engage customers,  drive real profits and engender loyalty. The survey included 49,168 consumers in the age group 16 to 65. The result will definitely make Apple CEO Tim Cook happy.

Apple was found to be the top driver in the smartphones, laptops and tablets category. This is when Apple s recently-launched MacBook Pro had not been that successful. Even Apple Music made it to the top spot in online music, defeating rival Spotify. In the headphones category, Apple-owned Beats was tied with LG, the firm said.

In a press release, Brand Keys president Robert Passikoff said customer expectations in all product categories are expected to soar. For example, customer expectations grew 35% in the online sector in the past 12 months.

Apple updates pro video apps

Apple also recently updated its video editing tools, including Final Cut Pro X, Motion and Compressor, with several bug fixes, minor additions and general improvements. Final Cut Pro got a large number of new features, including a handful of audio-related capabilities, notes Apple Insider.

Apple has especially highlighted the ability to add custom folders of audio files to the Sound Effects browser. The company updated the user interface tools as well, after which the application of ripple delete to audio-only clips doesn t disable the selected range. Also audio meters retain their custom width settings after relaunching the app.

Increased responsiveness when editing long project files, better H.264 file handling for exporting and changing frame rate are among the other changes. For better handling of transparencies, the ProRes 4444 file support has been improved as well.

Several issues have also been fixed, such as the one in which adjusting the line spacing of multi-line titles applied to the first line only. The issue that prevented burning Final Cut Pro projects to DVD via Apple USB SuperDrive has also been fixed. Apple: An Unexpected Positive Appears I believe this is about to change, and it has implications for growth rates even if quantities continue to stagnate.

This has happened in the context of slowly-increasing BoM costs as well as a recently stagnated smartphone market.

Over the years, the smartphone flagship has remained amazingly stable, especially when it comes to Apple.

The Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) S8, with much-reduced bezels. The S8 is likely to be priced higher than before. Apple's iPhone 8 will also go the same route, both in much-reduced bezels and, most likely, in higher pricing. Source for Image: MacDigger.Ru.

At this point, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) already seems to be influenced by the iPhone 8 upcoming launch, around September. There are some indications that the iPhone 7 might be slowing down more than expected, but it hasn't been a tremendous factor in punishing the stock.

However, I believe a new factor, beyond the iPhone 7 and 8 dynamics, is about to emerge this year which will be an unexpected positive for Apple (and Samsung).

First A Bit Of Background

Over time, flagship smartphones from Apple and Samsung have seen rather stable pricing. For instance, upon launch in June 2010, the base iPhone 4 had an unlocked price of $649. Fast forward to the iPhone 7 six years later, and the unlocked price for the base version still remains at $649.

Sure, the larger iPhone Plus versions, since the iPhone 6 Plus, were $100 more expensive, and saw a slight bump with the iPhone 7 Plus, to a $120 difference. These represented a very modest attempt to increase prices in the face of what has been a BoM (Bill of Materials) creeping higher over time (I, II).

At least three factors made for this price stability:

A strong smartphone market, allowing for constant units sold increases. The market was also helped by a massive transition from feature phones to smartphones.

Ever-plunging component prices, which kept BoM increases in check (though on an upward trajectory).

Significant pressure from ever-cheaper competition, especially as Chinese competitors started entering the market, and as some Android makers (HTC, LG) started lagging in their competitiveness.

Of these, however, signs are that the strong smartphone market is slowing down significantly. The following chart exemplifies this slowdown easily enough:

Source: BusinessInsider.com, others

This brings us to today and to signs that we're about to enter a new phase.

The New Phase - Brands Will Price Higher

In light of extremely significant pressure from Chinese suppliers, what follows is something of a surprise.

You see, you can get a perfectly functional, well-designed, fast and featured smartphone for as little as $150 from a Chinese brand like Xiaomi, Elephone, LeTV, OnePlus and countless others. The differences to an Apple or Samsung flagship will be in the detail, but these phones (all on Android) will run everything in Google Play with aplomb.

Yet, for someone wanting the very best the market can offer, the choice is still between Apple, Samsung and, perhaps, the new Google (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) Pixel line.

Oftentimes, with branded products, the price differential is well in excess of any rational specification or quality differences. The same is apparently set to happen in the smartphone market. That is, the price differential should, from 2017 onwards, expand not just because the Chinese are pricing ever lower, but also and most importantly, because Apple and Samsung are set to increase the prices in their own flagship range.

As I said earlier, a bit of a clue came in a $20 increase in the iPhone 7 Plus versus the iPhone 6s. However, I think there are signs that this trend will significantly pick up the pace during 2017. How will this happen? For now, at least in two different ways:

Samsung is set to launch the Galaxy S8 series. Contrary to the Galaxy S7, where you had a flat S7 and a curved S7 Edge, both versions of the Galaxy S8 will be curved. At launch, the Galaxy S7 carried a $695 unlocked price and the S7 Edge carried a $795 unlocked price. These prices were somewhat overstated, though, as right from the start there was the chance of getting Galaxy VR for free, or $50-$100 discounts. The Galaxy S8, though, is rumored to start at ~$795-$845, thus as much as $100 over the base S7. While this is a rumor, a large price increase is nearly certain, stemming from both phones evolving towards edge variants.

As for Apple, it's still early to have any rumors on price. There's no certainty that Apple will increase the base entry price for the lowest model. But there, the price increases are certain to take place at least through another route. That will be the introduction of a third model in the range. That is, we'll have the iPhone 8, the 8 Plus and yet another model which will retail at a significant premium. This third model will be the most revolutionary of the 3, and will likely be all-glass and carry a bezel-less OLED display   as well as a price near $999.

I believe the trend toward higher premium prices will mostly be connected to countering the market slowdown. It will substitute the growth through quantity by growth through price. Even a minor 10% average price increase can do wonders on stagnated shipping quantities if one considers that Apple's expected revenue growth rate is +5.6% for FY2017 and +7.1% for FY2018.

However, there is also another potential factor driving the need to increase prices. DRAM has been shooting up for nearly a year now:

Source: DramExchange.com

This index, representing the DRAM spot market, sat at ~5,800 in March 2016. It has been up nearly every day since and now sits 177% higher.

Of course, it reflects spot pricing, and contract pricing has evolved slower, but still went up meaningfully. This is more of a factor forcing Samsung, though, as its phones presently carry twice the RAM on the iPhones (4GB vs 2GB) and the difference might even increase in the next generation.

Conclusion

While price increases are not something that's factored in Apple market expectations, there are signs that these are going to occur in 2017, both for Apple and Samsung.

As a counter-weight, Chinese suppliers are getting ever-better and their prices are low and going lower. So this will be a play on keeping volume while raising prices by using brand power. The objective will be to counter a stagnating overall smartphone market.

Given Apple and Samsung's brand power, the strategy has a good likelihood both of happening, and of working, as long as the new models are appealing enough. Both Samsung and Apple new models will show radically increased display areas with reduced bezels. They will be visually striking and, when it comes to Apple, quite different from what Apple has been selling for the last three years. This also increases the likelihood of this (mostly unexpected) strategy to work.

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Better Buy: Fitbit Inc. vs. Apple The worlds of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Fitbit (NYSE:FIT) seem to be colliding a lot these days, even if it's just the smaller of the two that's crashing and burning. Apple and Fitbit didn't have a whole lot in common beyond health-monitoring apps on iPhones until the class act of Cupertino introduced the Apple Watch in the springtime of 2015. The move thrust Apple into the realm of wearable tech that Fitbit was dominating.

Fitbit didn't shy away from the matter. The leading maker of fitness trackers threw its hat into the smartwatch ring with last year's introduction of Fitbit Blaze. Apple also raised the stakes later in the year when it rolled out the Apple Watch 2, complete with GPS and improved water resistance. The new features made Apple's updated smartwatch more attractive to runners and swimmers, folks that historically gravitated to Fitbit's activity-tracking wristbands. Apple also recently began aiming for the corporate wellness market, a space that Fitbit has started to thrive in lately.

The battle lines appear to be drawn, but the irony here is that Fitbit products remain very popular with Apple fans. Fitbit's mobile app raced up Apple's App Store chart -- trailing only Super Mario Run -- in the days following Christmas last month, implying that Fitbit trackers were popular holiday gifts. Even with the second generation of Apple Watch filling up stockings the love for Fitbit in iOS-fueled circles remains strong. Fitbit didn't fare nearly as well on the app marketplaces for rival Android smartphones.

It's a whole new starting line

The popularity of Fitbit products with iPhone owners may suggest a harmonious balance between the two companies, but what if you could only invest in one stock? Would you buy shares of Apple or Fitbit?

We know who the winner of 2016 was between the two investments. It wasn't even close. Shares of Apple rose 10% last year, a modest gain but a welcome break for Fitbit stock's 74% plunge. However, the real question is which stock will provide the best return for 2017 and beyond. The answer isn't obvious.

Apple offers a history of innovative bar-raising and market-defining ingenuity. It trades at a reasonable 14 times trailing earnings and an attractive 13 times Wall Street's bottom-line target for the current fiscal year. Apple also shells out a decent dividend, translating into a current yield of 1.9%.

Fitbit doesn't pay out distributions, and it's also in a funk. Revenue growth has slowed dramatically, and the competitive nature of the fitness tracker market has squeezed margins. In a sobering metric, Fitbit's stock is trading for seven times 2015's profit, 17 times trailing earnings, and just 11 times this new year's projected profit.

Eyeing top-line multiples, Apple fetches an enterprise value-to-sales ratio of 3.0. That's a lot higher than Fitbit's multiple of 0.4, but that's also a testament to Apple's higher-margin business and Fitbit's current margin-munching challenges.

The lower forward multiples belong to Fitbit, but that also discounts the risks. Neither company is at the top of its game. Both companies are expected to have posted revenue growth in the low single digits during the holiday quarter, though Apple is expected to rebound to 7% top-line growth for all of fiscal 2017.

Drawing the line

Fitbit faces a longer road to get back on track, but we've seen how a hit product can spur a revival in either company. Apple is widely expected to make this year's iPhone a substantial update given this summer's 10th anniversary of the product's debut. Fitbit has been acquiring wearable tech pioneers in a move that could redefine its niche.

I own both stocks, and I wouldn't own them if I didn't think that both Apple and Fitbit were positioned to beat the market this year. However, deciding on the ultimate victor really depends on an investor's risk tolerance. Conservative investors don't need to go beyond Apple. It's attractively priced, pays a respectable dividend, and since every few years it seems to roll out a hit new product it's easy to get excited. The ceiling may not be as high as Fitbit if it's able to turn things around -- the downside of commanding a $630 billion market cap -- but the floor is also steadier.

Fitbit would be the choice for risk-tolerant investors. Whether 2017 product rollouts resonate with consumers or more corporations subsidize Fitbit trackers for employees to lower health coverage costs there are catalysts for a pop. Fitbit also remains a prime buyout candidate, something that obviously doesn't factor into the upside potential at Apple. Apple Inc. New iPads Might Be Late to the Party (AAPL) It s a pretty safe bet at this point that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) is releasing new iPads in 2017. Rumors had been pointing to a March special event for AAPL to take the wraps off its latest tablets, including the iPad Air 3 and two new iPad Pro models.

However, a newly released report   based on information from Apple s supply chain   suggests the launch may be pushed to the second half of 2017.

New iPads Delayed

9to5Mac reported on a Digitimes story based on sources from within Apple s supply chain. These sources claim that the new iPads are still in the planning stage, and may not be released or even announced until the second half of 2017.

Many Apple watchers expected a March special event announcing the new iPads (the 9.7-inch iPad Pro was unveiled at a March 2016 event), but that timeframe now seems in doubt. Summer product announcements are practically unheard of. Everyone is in vacation mode and not paying close attention to what tech companies are doing. That makes a fall announcement and release the most likely option if spring falls through.

MacRumors elaborated on potential causes for the delay, besides the generic  being stuck in the design phase  description. The site points to speculation that the new A10X processor, which would power the new iPad Pro models, is running into manufacturing challenges. Reports since December have said the chips are suffering from lower than expected yield rates.

If so, this wouldn t be the first time pushing the boundaries of technology has tripped up Apple, or other consumer tech companies. Fitbit Inc (NYSE: FIT ) and GoPro Inc (NASDAQ: GPRO ) both faced retail shortages of new products prior to Christmas due to production issues.

What to Expect: New iPad Pro Models and iPad Air 3

While nothing is certain when trying to anticipate AAPL s moves, the expectation of what the company will release in terms of new iPads is beginning to firm up.

The consensus among Apple watchers and analysts is leaning toward a second generation, 12.9-inch iPad Pro, powered by the A10X chip. This is AAPL s flagship tablet, competing against the likes of Microsoft Corporation s (NASDAQ: MSFT ) Surface Pro 4. Apple will want to keep its momentum in the professional/enterprise tablet space.

An all-new iPad Pro model in the form of a 10.5-inch, bezel-free device that s a more business-friendly size than the current 9.7-inch iPad Pro likely will make its debut.

As for the 9.7-inch form factor, that s up in the air. It s too small for many business users, so there s a good chance Apple will drop the  Pro  designation. Instead, it would become the new low-cost midsize tablet in the Apple lineup, repackaged as the iPad Air 3.

Experts also expect a new version of the Apple Pencil stylus to be in the mix.

Next Page Apple files $1 billion lawsuit against chip supplier Qualcomm One of many Qualcomm buildings is shown in San Diego, California, U.S. on November 3, 2015. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo

People line up at an Apple store shortly before it opens in Beijing, China, January 3, 2017. REUTERS/Thomas Peter

Apple Inc filed a $1 billion lawsuit against supplier Qualcomm Inc on Friday, days after the U.S. government accused the chip maker of resorting to anticompetitive tactics to maintain a monopoly over key semiconductors in mobile phones.

Qualcomm is a major supplier to both Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for "modem" chips that connect phones to wireless networks. The two companies together accounted for 40 percent of Qualcomm's $23.5 billion in revenue in its most recent fiscal year.

In the lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California, Apple accused Qualcomm of overcharging for chips and refusing to pay some $1 billion in promised rebates. Apple said in its complaint that Qualcomm withheld the rebates because of Apple's discussions with South Korea's antitrust regulator, the Korea Fair Trade Commission.

"If that were not enough, Qualcomm then attempted to extort Apple into changing its responses and providing false information to the KFTC in exchange for Qualcomm's release of those payments to Apple. Apple refused," Apple said in its lawsuit.

In a statement, Qualcomm General Counsel Don Rosenberg called Apple's claims "baseless."

"Apple has been actively encouraging regulatory attacks on Qualcomm s business in various jurisdictions around the world, as reflected in the recent KFTC decision and FTC complaint, by misrepresenting facts and withholding information," Rosenberg said in the statement.

"We welcome the opportunity to have these meritless claims heard in court where we will be entitled to full discovery of Apple s practices and a robust examination of the merits. 

Qualcomm's stock closed 2.4 percent lower at $62.88 on the news.

Qualcomm has patents for chips which include standard essential patents, a term used to describe technology that is required to be licensed broadly and on "reasonable" terms.

In its lawsuit, Apple accused Qualcomm of refusing to license the technology to other manufacturers to prevent them from making the chips.

It also accused Qualcomm of selling chips while requiring Apple to pay a separate licensing fee for the same chips, in a "no license, no chip" policy.

In addition, Qualcomm pressured network carriers to not sell or support Apple devices made with Intel chipsets Apple said.

The KFTC fined Qualcomm $854 million in December for what it called unfair patent licensing practices.

In February 2015, Qualcomm paid a $975 million fine in China, while the European Union in December 2015 accused it of abusing its market power to thwart rivals.

On Tuesday, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm, saying the San Diego-based company used its dominant position as a supplier of certain phone chips to impose "onerous" supply and licensing terms on cellphone manufacturers. Qualcomm said it would contest the FTC complaint.

Qualcomm was the sole supplier of modem chips for Apple s phones until the release of the iPhone 7 in September. Intel Corp supplied about half of the modem chips for the newest models, said Stacy Rasgon, a senior analyst at Bernstein Research. Intel's shares closed up 1 percent at $36.94 after the Qualcomm suit was announced.

Apple made the move around the same time that Samsung, which had switched to using its own internal chips for its Galaxy S6 phones, returned to Qualcomm for the Galaxy S7.

Qualcomm "has been able to manage through (the Apple contract loss) pretty well because they got back Samsung at the same time," Rasgon said.

Apple is known for seeking multiple suppliers to keep prices down, said Jim Morrison, vice president of technical intelligence for TechInsights, which tears down devices to analyze their parts.

(Reporting by Diane Bartz in Washington and Stephen Nellis in San Francisco; Editing by Matthew Lewis and Cynthia Osterman) Apple sues Qualcomm for roughly $1 bln over royalties - CNBC  
2017-01-23
Most Active Weekly Options: Apple Inc. and Twitter Inc The 20 stocks listed in the table below have attracted the highest weekly options volume during the past 10 trading days. Stocks highlighted are new to the list since the last time the study was run, and data is courtesy of Schaeffer's Senior Quantitative Analyst Rocky White. Two names of notable interest are tech titanand social media stock. Here's a quick look at how options traders are lining up on AAPL and TWTR.

AAPL is 0.1% lower today at $119.90 -- after earlier popping to a fresh annual high of $120.81 -- in the wake of Friday's $1 billion lawsuit against QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM), which the troubled chipmaker called "baseless." Separately, Taiwan-based Foxconn reported it is considering a joint venture with Apple to build a manufacturing plant in the U.S., which could create up to 50,000 jobs. In any case, AAPL stock is up more than 20% over the past 12 months. But with a 14-day Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 70 at Friday's close, the equity is also overbought, perhaps explaining today's headwinds. That hasn't stopped options traders from betting on more gains, however.

Over the past 10 sessions at the International Securities Exchange (ISE), Chicago Board Options Exchange (CBOE), and NASDAQ OMX PHLX (PHLX), speculators have purchased 2.17 AAPL calls for every put -- a call/put volume ratio in the bullishly skewed 94th annual percentile. The February 130 call saw the largest increase in open interest during the two-week period, followed by the weekly 1/27 120-strike call, where a large number of positions were bought to open, per data from the major exchanges. The latter is also the most active AAPL call option this morning, with nearly 15,000 contracts on the tape already. And the weekly 1/27 series is dominating today's action, accounting for eight of AAPL's 10 most popular strikes.

It's an attractive time to pick up premium on AAPL options, even with the company's quarterly earnings report just over a week away. With a Schaeffer's Volatility Index (SVI) of 21% -- in the low 16th percentile of its 12-month range -- AAPL's near-term options are attractively priced, from a volatility perspective. Plus, the stock's Schaeffer's Volatility Scorecard (SVS) of 95 indicates the options market has notably underpriced Apple Inc.'s (NASDAQ:AAPL) ability to make outsized moves over the past year.

Shifting gears, TWTR is off 0.3% at $16.53, following news it will partner with Dick Clark Productions to offer exclusive live streaming of upcoming award shows. The stock is seated just below its year-over-year breakeven level, after being recently rejected at its 200-day moving average. As such, it's not surprising that almost 90% of tracking analysts call the stock a "hold" or worse.

Calls remain popular among options traders, however, with nearly five of these bullish bets bought to open for each put over the past two weeks at the ISE, CBOE, and PHLX. Moreover, the resulting call/put volume ratio of 4.77 ranks higher than 87% of the past year's readings.

Notably, the biggest rise in open interest over the period occurred at the January 2019 37-strike call, with nearly 15,000 contracts added. The major exchanges confirm positions were purchased at this strike, meaning buyers of the call are betting on TWTR more than doubling in value over the next two years. Among near-term options, meanwhile, the weekly 1/27 series attracted attention, with the 18.50- and 19.50-strike calls seeing significant open interest added.

Today, TWTR calls are trading at about 1.5 times the expected intraday pace. The weekly 1/27 17-strike call is leading the action, with a mix of buy- and sell-to-open action spotted. Like AAPL, Twitter Inc (NYSE:TWTR) is offering a bargain on short-term options at the moment, with an SVI of 52% -- lower than 87% of all comparable readings from the past 12 months.

Sign up now for Schaeffer's Market Recap to get all the day's big stock movers, must-know technical levels, and top economic stories straight to your inbox. 
2017-01-24
Earnings Preview: Can Apple, Inc. Return to Growth? Scheduled to report results for its first fiscal quarter of 2017 on Tuesday, Jan. 31, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) will show whether it has returned to revenue growth. With trailing-12-month revenue down 8%, even a small year-over-year increase in Apple's first-quarter revenue would be a nice change.

Here's a preview of the earnings report as well as some background on a few key areas worth checking in on when the tech giant reports results.

The numbers

Metric Q1 2017 Guidance* Q1 2016 Year-Over-Year Change Revenue $77 billion $75.9 million 1.4% Earnings per share $3.17 $3.28 (3.4%) Gross profit margin 38.25% 40.1% (185 basis points)

After reporting three quarters straight of year-over-year declines in revenue, Apple expects about a 1.4% year-over-year increase in revenue in its first quarter. But despite expectations for higher revenue, management anticipates a 3.4% earnings decline as its profit margin is negatively impacted by currency headwinds, higher cost structures for new products, and an unfavorable comparison due to a $548 million award from a patent infringement in the year-ago quarter.

3 key areas to watch

Beyond Apple's first-quarter revenue, EPS, and gross profit margin, investors should look at iPhone sales, guidance for Apple's second quarter, and services revenue growth.

1. iPhone sales: Accounting for 63% of Apple's trailing-12-month revenue, the iPhone segment is undoubtedly the company's most important business. The segment dwarfs its other segments, which represent 11% or less of trailing-12-month sales.

So, what can investors expect from iPhone sales? Given Apple's guidance for its overall results and the influence of the iPhone segment on total results, investors should expect similar iPhone revenue and unit sales this year since Apple is only guiding for a 1.4% increase in total revenue. In the year-ago quarter, iPhone revenue was $51.6 billion and iPhone unit sales were 74.8 million.

2. Guidance: One of the quarter's most insightful metrics will be the guidance Apple provides for its second quarter. With this figure, investors will get to see whether management expects more revenue growth.

Given that the iPhone 7 didn't stick to Apple's usual biannual schedule for form factor overhauls, it's possible the company could return to year-over-year declines in the second quarter. But until it provides guidance, there isn't any clear indication of what investors should expect for the trajectory of revenue beyond its first quarter.

3. Services revenue growth: One segment that could help drive surprising growth is the services segment, which includes sales from the App Store, iTunes, Apple Music, iCloud, Apple Pay, licensing, and other services. In the most recent quarter, services revenue was up an impressive 24%, hitting a record $6.3 billion. Growing to 13% of Apple's revenue in the quarter, services is now its second-largest segment. If the segment benefited from a significant holiday boost in the first quarter, the growing segment may play a key role in helping Apple's overall revenue this year -- possibly even serving as the key factor for preventing further declines in total revenue.

In its most recent quarter, year-over-year services revenue growth accelerated from 19% in the third quarter of fiscal 2016 to 24% in its fourth quarter. Look to see if Apple can maintain this higher growth rate achieved in its fourth quarter.

In addition to the first-quarter report after market close on Jan. 31, management will host a live conference call to discuss results at 2:00 p.m. PST. Apple, Inc. Had to Get In Bed With Qualcomm Because of Verizon In the iPhone's early years, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) bought baseband modems from Infineon, which was later acquired by Intel. The original iPhone launched as an AT&T exclusive, and AT&T's 3G network is built on GSM. The Mac maker was still paying licensing fees to Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), as all cellphone makers around the world must, starting in 2007 with the original iPhone.

But things got a lot more complicated in 2011, which is when Apple and Qualcomm really took their relationship to the next level. It's because of Verizon (NYSE:VZ).

It all started because of Big Red

That was the year that Apple finally launched the iPhone on Big Red's network, ending Ma Bell's exclusivity that was costing Verizon subscribers; the iPhone was a powerful exclusive device that compelled many subscribers to switch. From Apple's perspective, Verizon is the largest carrier in the U.S., so of course it wanted access to that subscriber base. Even though Verizon's 3G network uses CDMA, the cellular technology that Qualcomm helped pioneer, and CDMA is less common in other parts of the world, Apple still recognized that it should offer more variants of the iPhone in order to expand its addressable markets worldwide.

It's worth noting here that China, which became the world's largest smartphone market the following year in 2012, also uses CDMA or variants of CDMA for 3G wireless service.

Here's an excerpt from Apple's complaint (emphasis added):

Apple has been indirectly paying Qualcomm licensing fees since 2007, when it released the iPhone. Apple became even more reliant on Qualcomm in 2011 due to Apple's desire to release an iPhone that could connect to CDMA networks, such as Verizon's. For many years, Qualcomm ensured that it was the only possible supplier of CDMA chipsets, and it remains so today for the chipsets used in Apple's flagship iPhone product line. As a monopoly supplier of an essential input, Qualcomm had the power to constrict and disrupt chipset supply, which (coupled with Qualcomm's refusal to enter into industry-standard supply agreements that would have guaranteed supply to Apple, absent unusual or unforeseen circumstances) would have been disastrous to Apple's business.

Considering Qualcomm's dominance in CDMA, both in terms of its patent portfolio as well as baseband chips, Apple had no choice but to get in bed with the mobile chip giant. For years, it seemed as if the pair had a strong and mutually beneficial relationship evidenced by ongoing exclusivity. But what we now know is that behind the scenes, Apple was incredibly unhappy but also contractually obligated to keep quiet. The Mac maker now says that it was continuously forced into "undesirable, one-sided, and unreasonable contract terms."

Ultimately, it was still probably worth it, considering the iPhone's multiyear growth run that only just ended in 2016. That growth was fueled by both tapping the largest U.S. carrier as well as expanding internationally, including in China. Apple Inc.: a pre-mortem Last year marked the fifth year of Tim Cook s reign, and year 3 of "Tim Cook's Apple". With recent technological shifts, Apple is at a crossroads of sorts; therefore, I believe a pre-mortem is expedient.

This is a great article.

I, too, wonder if Apple is so stuck on "let's just slap apps on it" that it serves to detriment their efforts. Virtually all their product introductions lately centred around slapping apps on existing, boring hardware and hope for the best. I'm not sure if the linked article's suggestions are the right way to go, but I do know that Apple places more faith in apps than is really warranted.

A cold and harsh truth Apple doesn't seem to grasp: nobody cares about apps. Apps are done. People have a small set of apps they use every day, usually the big name apps such as Facebook and Twitter, and really - that's it. Aside from us nerdier people, nobody browses through the App Store or Google Play, filled with anticipation for what they might find. If you really break it down, I'm pretty sure most people use maybe 2-3 apps daily, and any others maybe once per month.

That's really not something you want to bank your product strategy on. Apple: No Safety, No Value  
2017-01-25
Apple, Inc. Brings Its Fight With Qualcomm to China Earlier this month, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) filed a blockbuster lawsuit against its most important supplier, Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM), alleging a wide range of transgressions that were all intended to enhance Qualcomm's monopoly power over the baseband processor market. That suit came just days after the U.S. Federal Trade Commission filed a similar regulatory antitrust complaint against the mobile chip giant.

Apple isn't stopping there; the Mac maker is now taking its grievances to the Middle Kingdom.

There's more where that came from

Apple has filed not one, but two suits against Qualcomm in Beijing, Reuters reports. The first is seeking 1 billion yuan (approximately $145 million) in damages, accusing Qualcomm of abusing its monopoly power in the baseband market. The second alleges that Qualcomm has not fulfilled its obligations to license its standards-essential patents under fair, reasonable, and non-discriminatory (FRAND) levels.

The fact that Apple is suing Qualcomm in China is notable for a few reasons, the most obvious being that the scope of Apple's complaints reaches beyond just the U.S. itself. Apple's lawsuit in the U.S. was filed in the U.S. District Court of Southern California. China also doesn't have a particularly good reputation for enforcing intellectual property (IP) laws, although the country has been making progress on improving its legal frameworks. The discrepancy in IP enforcement is one reason why many Chinese smartphone manufacturers, most notably Xiaomi, are unable to expand operations into countries with stricter enforcement.

China is also where the vast majority of Apple's contract manufacturers are located, including its most prolific iPhone assembler, Foxconn. These contract manufacturers are partially responsible for Apple's predicament with Qualcomm. As noted in Apple's U.S. complaint, Qualcomm refuses to license its IP directly to Apple, instead preferring to ink deals with Apple contract manufacturers that pass along both the IP rights indirectly as well as the royalty costs in full. Apple's manufacturing partners simply accept Qualcomm's terms and do not negotiate, leaving Apple with massive royalty bills.

Apple has long attempted to review the agreements between Qualcomm and its contract manufacturers, but Qualcomm must consent -- and it won't. I'm neither an American or Chinese lawyer, but it seems possible that Apple is seeking legal assistance in China so that it may gain access or somehow restructure these agreements, although legal discovery in China is significantly more restricted than here in the U.S. Even if that's not the goal, it wouldn't hurt to collect more in monetary damages by filing suit in multiple relevant jurisdictions, as Apple says it's been overcharged by billions of dollars over the past five years.

This serves as additional evidence that Apple has absolutely no intention of settling with Qualcomm. The company feels as if it has been wronged all these years, being coerced into quietly overpaying Qualcomm for half a decade. And now that Qualcomm's exclusivity has ended, the time for reckoning has come. Has Apple Pulled Off A Deal To Manufacture In India? The Wall Street Journal is reporting this morning that Apple is close to reaching an agreement with Indian government officials to set up a manufacturing plant in India to manufacture its products locally.

Indian officials met with a team from Apple in New Delhi earlier in the day (Indian time) to discuss the company's requests and look over the proposal.

The Wall Street Journal said, quoting an official with knowledge of the negotiations, "It's almost a done deal."

"Many of the incentives sought by Apple are workable," added the official.

If the deal is done, India could quickly become one of Apple's most important markets going forward. Apple currently has a 5% share of the smartphone market in India but one that is growing at a very rapid clip. With products produced locally, Apple could increase mindshare and market share at an even faster pace thus making serious inroads into a country that has one of the largest and fastest growing middle class globally.

Market research firms say that India will soon overtake the U.S. as the second largest smartphone market in the world behind only China. India is a crucial market for Apple's long term success.

It's not just Apple manufacturing locally that is at stake here. It's also Apple's plan to set up a direct retail footprint in India, and locally manufactured products will go a long way in helping Apple achieve that goal. In addition, Apple could also slowly begin to replace China as a manufacturing hub due to the rapidly increasing costs of production in China relative to India.

Like I have said, does one buy/add Apple at current levels or does one do it at higher levels from here?

Words to the wise.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.

Additional disclosure: long and short apple options Qualcomm comments on Apple's lawsuits in China  NV Energy Inc says co, Apple reached agreement to build 200 megawatts of additional solar energy in Nevada  
2017-01-26
Apple Should Buy Disney: Creating A Trillion-Dollar Mousetrap As Apple's earnings shift from one driven by hardware sales to a recurring/sustainable media-focused model, stock should trade at $200/share using conservative assumptions.

Recently Margate Capital, a hedge fund run by former Paulson Cub, Samantha Greenberg, and John Malone (on CNBC), floated the idea that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) should acquire Disney (NYSE:DIS). We examined the idea to see if it made sense, and have come away believing that the synergies of a combined company would be transformative for Apple. Using some conservative assumptions, post-acquisition, Apple's stock should increase from $120/share today to $200/share by end-of 2018. Let's walk through our reasoning:

From an investor standpoint, one of the main reasons for why Apple's stock price trades at a discount to the market is that there's uncertainty as to whether Apple's iPhone can sustain its sales and margins going forward. Bears contend that as the smartphone industry matures, price competition will inevitably erode Apple's margins and earnings will decline as phones become commoditized. For 2016, the iPhone accounted for $136.7B in revenue, and with a 40% margin it generated the bulk of Apple's profit. We've disagreed with this bear thesis as we think the ecosystem (i.e., software and services) and the hardware sales (i.e., Mac, iPhone, iPads, etc.) are mutually reinforcing and collectively strengthens customer captivity and brand loyalty.

Yet, the stock trades at a 13.4x multiple to this year's estimate and a 14.4x multiple to trailing twelve month earnings (TTM). Compared to the broader market average of 25x, this multiple presumes a stagnant company and undervalues the quality of Apple's existing business. Thus, we believe a Disney acquisition could be transformative for Apple as it would accomplish three goals:

1. Insure Apple's cultural impact and brand relevance for the foreseeable future;

2. Increase the breadth and depth of Apple's business lines; and

3. Increase the value of Apple shares.

I. Brand Permanence

Given the pace of technological advances, obsolescence and brand irrelevance for tech companies is only a new device or software away. A seemingly dominant competitive moat in one year, with high margins and competitive advantages, can quickly become a barrier that entraps a company when the landscape shifts. Look no further than Motorola, Nokia (NYSE:NOK) and BlackBerry (NASDAQ:BBRY) - once Apple introduced the iPhone, their legacy moats were quickly breached.

In contrast, Disney is one of the most important and enduring brands the US has ever created. With a library filled with beloved characters, the company essentially develops and curates American culture. From Mickey Mouse, Disney princesses and Pixar movies to Star Wars and Marvel, the company's characters and storylines have also found an enthusiastic audience outside of the US. Movies, television shows and the company's parks and resorts have introduced a new generation of non-US customers to the company's products, and they've since become increasingly intertwined with global pop culture. A Disney acquisition would tie together two iconic brands and insure Apple's continuing relevance for decades to come.

II. Broadening Apple's Business Lines

A Disney acquisition would also immediately broaden Apple's business lines. Currently, Apple's largest revenue drivers can be broken down into three categories: iPhone, Services and Others. We're calling "Others" as a catch-all category, which includes iPads, Macs and Accessories (i.e., essentially non-iPhone hardware).

For 2016, revenue from iPhone sales dominated Apple's entire business, accounting for 63% of revenue. The figure rises to 88% if we include "Others." If Apple acquires Disney, revenue from iPhone sales would fall to 50% and hardware overall to 70%, whereas Services and non-hardware related income would increase threefold from 11% to 30%.

Composite Rev. by Prod. Line (millions) 2016 (Form 10K) % of Revenue Standalone % of Revenue w/Disney iPhone $136,700 63% 50% Services $24,348 11% 9% Other $54,591 25% 20% Media Networks $23,689 - 9% Parks and Resorts $16,974 - 6% Studio Entertainment $9,441 - 3% Consumer Products & Interactive Medi $5,528 - 2% Total $271,271 100% 100%

On a gross profit basis, the change is even more dramatic. Hardware vs. non-hardware is currently split 81% and 19%, but with Disney's business segments, the diversification would yield 62% and 38%, respectively.

Consequently, acquiring Disney would double Apple's non-hardware related profits and shift the company away from its over-reliance on hardware sales. We believe Apple's Services and Disney's business lines overall also will grow faster than hardware sales, and within a few years the profits generated by hardware and non-hardware business lines would approach parity.

III. Adding Depth and Scale to Apple's Business

One of Apple's greatest challenges in penetrating the video industry has been the reluctance of media companies to work with Apple. Apple's ecosystem is essentially a delivery platform looking for content, and a Disney acquisition would help vertically integrate the space.

In the early days of iTunes, Apple found an opportunity to co-opt music executives to allow Apple to sell individual songs. The ubiquity of the iPod coupled with the industry's challenges with rampant piracy gave Apple tremendous leverage in its negotiations, something that has become a cautionary tale for the media industry in general. The television industry today is much healthier than the music industry at the time, which has weakened Apple's bargaining position. Unsurprisingly, Apple has found it challenging to convince the industry to rely on its platform, lest they cede too much control over the distribution, pricing and data collection of viewing habits.

From theVerge

"You could write books on Apple's multitude of missteps in TV, but fundamentally the company's loss of influence traces back to missing the boat on streaming combined with an inability to gain any sort of real leverage over traditional video providers. Those companies have been able to forestall and deflect a fate similar to the one that befell the music industry in the heyday of iTunes, and that is unlikely to change in the near term."

Apple's TV efforts have been piecemeal and inadequate to date. The company recently launched its "TV" application that simplifies searching for and watching content on Apple devices. As TechCruch recently stated:

"Unfortunately content from all the major streaming providers - including Netflix - is not available through the TV app. Instead, the focus seems to be more on aggregating the content across individual TV networks' applications, rather than all the major services. However, Hulu and HBO are supported at launch, at least."

We believe that without Amazon Prime or Netflix's catalog, the TV app and Apple's vision of TV viewing is destined to fail. Thus, Apple needs to field its own media offering, and then use that as leverage to gain additional cooperation and coordination from a recalcitrant industry.

Acquiring Disney solves many of the issues Apple faces. Fully incorporating Disney's library with new/original content from Disney's Studio Entertainment division into Apple's ecosystem fundamentally transforms Apple's media offerings. Disney's ESPN, Disney Channel, ABC, A+E and movies (Marvel, Star Wars and Pixar) all combine to give Apple a critical mass of content, and the requisite leverage that it's sorely lacking as it attempts to compete in the video space.

Apple could repackage the content and start a subscription video on demand ("SVOD") service to compete with Netflix or Amazon, or a subscription based multichannel video programming on demand ("MVPD") service to compete with Sling TV, and/or complement Hulu (in which it owns 30%). With such a service, Apple also gains access to the viewing habits of its users with such a services, information which is currently closely guarded by Apple's competitors. The information would give Apple further insight into what its customers enjoy watching, and better tailor content development and distribution to their evolving tastes.

Although much of Disney's video content is currently licensed to various cable, satellite and SVOD and MVPD providers, Apple can begin carving out distribution rights to form its own subscription service. In addition to stepping into Disney's residual rights, Apple could modify other distribution rights as legacy Disney licenses expire. Previously exclusive license agreements could become co-exclusive, allowing Apple to fill its channel with premium content over time. Thus, post-Disney acquisition, Apple's own media offerings provides a much stronger foundation on which to expand its digital media strategy, removing a key challenge to Apple's current ineffective actions.

A. IV. Content Creation

A Disney acquisition also would give Apple immediate access to an established infrastructure from which to create content. Disney's Studio Entertainment division produces and acquires live-action and animated motion pictures, direct-to-video content, musical recordings and live stage plays. The business unit distributes films primarily under the Walt Disney Pictures, Pixar, Marvel, Lucasfilm and Touchstone banners. While Apple is currently developing original content itself, Disney's production capabilities dramatically expands Apple's ability to develop proprietary content, which reinforce its media offerings.

V. Parks and Rec...

Parks and Resorts could serve as a technology showcase for Apple. In 2015, 138M guests visited Disney's theme parks worldwide. The Magic Kingdom in Walt Disney World was the most popular with over 20.5M visitors. Disney's parks physical extensions of its brands as and they help build an emotional connection with its customers. Apple could easily embed its technology into the parks and resorts to enliven customer experience and further introduce Apple's products to them. For instance Apple Pay (currently available only at Walt Disney World) could be rolled out to all of the other theme parks and resorts. While Apple Pay is an immaterial revenue generator, the marketing exposure would be well worth the effort, and it's a simple example of a potential synergy.

VI. Putting it Together - Financial Benefits:

If Apple were to acquire Disney, what would the financial metrics look like? Let's perform some baseline calculations. We're assuming that a 40% premium to Disney's closing price would represent a "fair" premium (for comparison, Time Warner (NYSE:TWX) sold at a 35% premium to AT&T (NYSE:T)).

Common Stock 1,591,460,982 Per share price $107.66 Premium 40% Acquisition Price $150.72 Equity Value $239,871 Liabilities (incl. pension liabilities, net cash) $23,266 Enterprise Value $263,137

If we include debt and long-term pension liabilities, Apple would essentially be acquiring the entire company for +$263B in EV. Acquiring the shares, however, would cost $240B. Apple can easily afford the acquisition if corporate tax reform passes and Apple repatriates its overseas cash. We believe Apple would have over $240B in cash after repatriation and assuming it retains $30B for working capital purposes.

A. Cost Synergies

Given that the two companies operate in such different business lines, we've assumed very little cost synergies. We've only modeled a 75% reduction in corporate overhead expenses, which in 2016 was approximately $650M. In the context of a +$263B acquisition though, relatively minor.

B. The Value of Vertical Integration

Cost synergies are the easiest to capture and have the highest probability to be achieved, but alone they are no reason to embark on such a transformative but disruptive acquisition. Case in point, if Apple used its $240B and bought back shares, it could acquire and retire +35% of its outstanding shares, sending its stock price well over $160/share. Thus, the only way this acquisition makes sense is the strategic synergies. Most value investors cringe when they hear that, but bear with us. Step through some of the numbers and maybe we can convince you.

We've modeled Disney's 2017 and 2018 EBITDA as follows:

Base Case Bull Case Accretion Model (millions) 2017 2018 2017 2018 Disney's Segment Operating Income $17,750 $19,000 $17,750 $19,000 Corporate Expenses (25% of 2016) $(168) $(168) $(168) $(168) $17,582 $18,832 $17,582 $18,832 Segment Operating Income (New MVPD) $473 $1,457 $844 $2,295 EBITDA $18,055 $20,289 $18,426 $21,127 Equity Income of Investees $1,000 $1,070 $1,000 $1,070 Interest Expense (Disney's Current Debt) $(480) $(480) $(480) $(480) Interest Expense (Acquisition Debt) $- $- $- - Lost Interest Income (Apple Cash Reduction) $(3,450) $(2,500) $(3,450) $(2,500) Restructuring and Impairment $(150) $(150) $(150) $(150) Depreciation and Amortization $(2,300) $(2,300) $(2,300) $(2,300) Income Before Taxes $12,675 $15,929 $13,046 $16,767 Tax 35% $(4,436) $(5,575) $(4,566) $(5,868) Net Income $8,238 $10,354 $8,480 $10,899 Apple's Share Count 5,332 5,332 5,332 5,332 Accretion to Apple EPS $1.55 $1.94 $1.59 $2.04 Apple EPS (Average) $8.94 $10.10 $8.94 $10.10 Combined (Apple + Disney) EPS $10.49 $12.04 $10.53 $12.14 Multiple 15 $157.28 $180.63 $157.95 $182.16 16 $167.76 $192.67 $168.48 $194.30 17 $178.25 $204.71 $179.01 $206.45 18 $188.73 $216.75 $189.54 $218.59 Current Multiple 2017 2018 2017 2018 Disney 18.2 16.2 18.2 16.2 Apple 13.4 11.9 13.4 11.9

(Source: Open Square Capital calculations, acquisition accounting may increase depreciation/amortization although we are assuming most of value will be attributed to goodwill).

Assuming cost synergies of only $490M (i.e., 75% reduction of Disney's corporate allocation costs), and modeling Apple's new MVPD subscription service, we believe Apple's EPS could increase by $1.55 in 2017 and $1.94 in 2018 ("Base Case"). If we were to assume a more aggressive subscriber uptake rate for Apple's MVPD service ("Bull Case") Apple's EPS could increase by $1.59 in 2017 and $2.04 in 2018.

1. MVPD Calculation

How did we calculate the MVPD revenues/operating income?

For the "Base Case" Apple's MVPD service, we're assuming a subscription fee of $15/month and exiting 2017 and 2018 with 7M and 12M subscribers, respectively (note in negotiations Apple has previously held, it had determined that Disney's content was worth $13/month per subscriber). For the "Bull Case" we're using the same $15/month, but we're assuming a 2017/2018 exit of 12M and 20M subscribers, respectively. We applied a 75% gross margin on this new product offering as the content costs are already borne/embedded in Disney's other business lines.

We think the base case is actually overly conservative as it assumes Apple releases a "skinny channel Disney-media-centric" pack priced at $15/month. If Apple were to expand this offering to include other channels, the subscription fee could potentially increase (offset by higher licensing expenses).

Furthermore, exiting 2018 with 12M subscribers appears low to us. In comparison, Apple Music garnered 20M paying subscribers at the end of 2016, 1.5 years after launch. Although Apple Music was . . . well music, we think Apple's marketing prowess, size of installed user base and Disney's ability to bundle sports via ESPN will help adoption rates for MVPD. Netflix (NASDAQ:NFLX) currently has over 89M subscribers, evenly divided between US and non-US subscribers, therefore we are assuming less than half of Netflix's US subscribers, but with arguably stronger content. Using the Bull Case (i.e., exiting 2018 with 20M subscribers) and assuming a growth trajectory similar to Netflix's subscriber growth for the past 3 years, Apple's MVPD could generate $6B in revenue by 2020, exiting with over 32M subscribers. Thus, the "bull case" is more likely.

VII. Conservative Assumptions and Stock Rerating

Note that in all likelihood this is incremental revenue with few costs. Apple's media offering would simply capture margins currently being reaped by other SVOD providers and serve as a counterweight to Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), which has become an increasingly strong player in the space. While Apple's new offering could cannibalize some of Disney's existing licensing revenue, we don't believe it will severely impact the licensing fees from affiliates and SVOD providers as consumption continues to rise overall. The content isn't devaluing, it's the legacy distribution platforms that are (e.g., cable, sattelite, etc.).

Most importantly, we've only assumed a fraction of cost synergies and that an MVPD would be the only strategic synergy. It's much more likely that the merged company can find even more creative ways to reduce costs and leverage each other's strengths.

Lastly, we believe Apple's stock multiple would rerate higher. Apple's stock currently trades at 13.4x 2017 forecasted EPS, whereas Disney trades at 18.2x. Given that Disney's media content bolsters Apple's ecosystem, the combined business becomes much more robust. Apple's product offerings will simultaneously broaden and deepen, and its earnings become much more sustainable and recurring, less reliant on having a hit hardware product. Ultimately, a Disney acquisition could become the catalyst to unlock Apple's suppressed value. If Apple's shares rerated to 16-18x earnings, the acquisition would largely pay for itself via the increase in Apple's overall market value. By the end of 2017, when Apple begins to trade based on 2018 earnings, the shares should trade near $200/share and market cap would surpass $1T. To us, trading Apple's cash hoard for a better mouse trap seems like a pretty good idea.

As always, we welcome your comments. If you would like to read more of our articles, please be sure to hit the "Follow" button above.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. 
2017-01-27
How Intel Corporation Can Strengthen Its Relationship With Apple Inc. With the Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) scored a lucky break, winning a significant portion of the cellular modem orders for Apple's latest handsets -- arguably the highest-profile smartphone win Intel has ever enjoyed.

Intel cellular modem chips, branded the XMM 7360, are found inside versions of the iPhone 7 devices used on networks that don't implement the CDMA cellular standard. Chips from rival Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) are found in the iPhone models used on CDMA networks, as Intel's chips currently don't implement CDMA.

Back in late 2015, Intel purchased the CDMA chipset assets from a company called VIA Telecom, presumably in a bid to allow the former to build chips that could address the entirety of Apple's cellular modem needs.

Though Qualcomm is widely believed to build superior modems to what Intel produces, Apple recently filed a lawsuit against Qualcomm alleging, among other things, in the complain filed on Jan. 20 that:

Qualcomm has charged Apple a monopolistic premium for access to CDMA chipsets that are in all other aspects identical to chipsets sold to Apple without CDMA functionality enabled. ... Qualcomm has used its monopoly power in CDMA chipsets to obtain anticompetitive license and chipset supply terms.

I'll be writing more on the lawsuit in the coming days and today there is an observation I would like to share regarding Apple, Intel, Qualcomm, and CDMA iPhones.

Apple's component costs could come down if Intel succeeds in implementing CDMA

Based on this complaint, we now know that Qualcomm charges Apple more for the same exact cellular modems with CDMA enabled compared to versions without CDMA enabled. This isn't an unusual practice in the semiconductor industry; companies like Intel routinely charge more for identical chips but with certain features enabled, compared with variants without those features enabled. This is plain old product segmentation at work.

What's interesting is that Apple is complaining that, because Qualcomm essentially has no viable competition for its CDMA-enabled modems, it is charging a "monopolistic premium."

The magnitude of this premium isn't clear, but it's clear that Apple isn't happy about having to pay it, and therein lies the opportunity for Intel.

If Intel can develop a commercially viable LTE modem that also supports CDMA (and is certified on all of the major CDMA networks) using those VIA Telecom assets, then this would open the door to a couple of possibilities:

Intel could win more than just the non-CDMA iPhones. It could be a true "second source" for all the iPhones that Apple ships. This could potentially boost Intel's share at Apple, to Intel's benefit (and to Qualcomm's detriment). Apple could be able to get cheaper CDMA modems from Qualcomm. Even if Apple doesn't increase the proportion of total modems that it purchases from Intel, the fact that Intel and Qualcomm parts would be viable for all iPhone models could help reduce the average price that Apple pays per cellular modem.

Net-net, Intel's becoming a stronger cellular modem provider would mean that Apple should, in general, pay less for modems. This could help modestly improve Apple's gross profit margin and, ultimately, net profit.

To put this into perspective, in the complaint, Apple says that LTE modems sell for between $10 and $20. Let's suppose that Apple must pay $15 for the non-CDMA Qualcomm chips and then $20 for the CDMA-capable Qualcomm chips -- though with the iPhone 7, Apple doesn't appear to be buying any non-CDMA Qualcomm chips; the non-CDMA iPhones now use Intel.

If Apple can get that $20 figure down to $15 in the presence of a viable alternative from Intel, then that's $5 saved across potentially 100 million or more iPhone models sold in a year. That $5 figure is for illustrative purposes only, as I have no clue what the actual delta is, but multiplied across the volumes that Apple sells, the savings Apple could potentially realize are significant.

Intel needs to execute

The key to all of this is for Intel to execute to building increasingly competitive cellular modems. If Intel can, then that's obviously a positive for Intel, as an opportunity to sell more modems, and an opportunity for Apple, in the form of cheaper modems.

The loser, if Intel can supply more of Apple's volume -- whether or not it actually does -- would be Qualcomm, as at the very least it could see the premium that it enjoys from the sale of CDMA-capable LTE modems evaporate.

In the scheme of things, though, losing a bit more Apple chip business probably isn't going to sting Qualcomm that much. After all, Intel grabbed a bunch of iPhone share this cycle, yet Qualcomm's chip business appears to be on the right track. 
2017-01-29
Will Lawsuits Force Apple, Inc. To Prevent Texting And Driving? Distracted driving is a big and growing problem. In 2014, 3,179 Americans were killed in traffic accidents involving drivers diverting their attention to activities like eating, talking on their phone, or texting. It's the third most deadly factor in modern car accidents, behind only drunk driving and speeding.

You'll be delighted to hear that iPhone maker Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) has patented a way to reduce this menace. But the patented solution is not yet implemented on any of Apple's devices.

What gives? Let's have a look.

What's new?

Last week, a survivor of a distracted-driving incident filed a class action lawsuit against Apple. The suit is not seeking a big payout from Cupertino. Instead, it calls for an injunction against sales of Apple devices in California until the company implements its patented prevention method against texting and driving on devices both new and already sold.

"If texting and driving is a vessel of trouble, Apple is the captain of the ship," the court filing states. "The company enjoys 40 percent of the smartphone market share -- far more than the nearest competitor. And its profits are enormous. Fortune Magazine reports that in the third quarter of 2016, Apple generated 91% of the smartphone market's profits, equating to a cool $8.5 billion in net profit -- or about $95 million in profit per day."

So the suit argues that Apple plays a significant part in the distracted driving problem, and has both a responsibility and the financial wherewithal to do something about it. Indeed, there is a tool on the table. The filing cites an Apple patent for disabling a mobile device when its motion sensors and other systems detect patterns consistent with driving a car. Filed in 2008, when the ancient iPhone 3G was brand new, and approved by the Patent Office in 2014, Apple has had an eye on this issue since the very beginning of its smartphone exploits.

But again, nearly three years after that patent got an official approval, the technology remains unused.

This lawsuit is not the first legal challenge to cite Apple's anti-distraction patent. It's just the first one that primarily wants to force Apple's hand into doing something with this allegedly life-saving technology. Others have been more concerned with cash payments for damage done by iPhone-wielding drivers.

Why isn't Apple using this patent yet?

Many fully granted patents never see the light of day in a real-world implementation. This particular one could be among those for a variety of good reasons. For example:

Apple could be working on a better solution than the one described in the '143 patent, but the new and improved solution isn't ready for a date with the Patent Office yet.

The company might have found flaws in its original technology, which was developed and filed at a time when smartphones were a poorly understood novelty. Real-world experience and deeper research could have changed Apple's design requirements in a hurry.

Other companies may have unveiled better solutions for the dangers of distracted driving, perhaps as part of efforts to come up with fully automated driving platforms. Nearly every major auto maker is on board with the autonomous driving trend now, alongside plenty of technology experts. I'd be surprised to learn that Apple's efforts from way back in 2008 provided a better solution than what all of Detroit and Silicon Valley could whip up nearly a decade later.

That's just scratching the surface of about a zillion reasons not to take a patented technology to market. I'm sure that Apple will come up with many more if the lawsuit ever hits a courtroom.

What's next?

No, I don't think that Apple will ever actually implement this particular deterrent to texting and driving. Lawsuits won't change that. Halting iPhone sales in California would be a powerful incentive, but Apple's top-shelf legal eagles can surely head that threat off at the pass. However, the fact that consumers are standing up to ask Apple for help with this conundrum could accelerate Apple's arrival at a more complete solution.

The company must balance the benefits of a life-saving safety feature against the risk that users might find the new restrictions too overbearing. If your phone came with opt-in restrictions on how you can use it in the driver's seat of a car, would you enable them? If not, you'd be part of the problem. Therefore, this is the kind of feature that needs to be forced on the user with no obvious way to turn it off. Otherwise, the change is not likely to make a difference.

Apple obviously doesn't want to push any of its loyal users over to Android and other platforms, where they can continue their risky behavior unfettered. Ideally, the smartphone industry would come together and push out protection against texting and driving. No fuss, no muss, and thousands of lives potentially saved. Top-down regulations would also do the trick, but that solution would also elicit pained groans of heavy-handed rules from every company in the mobile industry.

There may not be a real solution to the distracted driving problem until self-driving cars go mainstream. Until then, lawsuits and concerned users can only hope to turn Apple's smartphone designs in a safer direction.

Don't hold your breath. 
2017-01-30
Apple Repurchase Program - Positive Effects Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), will be releasing its 2017 fiscal Q1 earnings on Tuesday (January 31). Analysts and media are in the usual tug of war as to whether Apple is beginning a slow decline or is only in a pause in revenue growth. On Tuesday evening, we will find out this quarter's installment.

AAPL data by YCharts

One aspect of Apple management has been surprisingly controversial. That is the stock repurchase program. In last quarter's earnings conference call, CEO Tim Cook said:

We have now completed $186 billion of our current $250 billion capital return program, including $133 billion in share repurchases. [transcript]

Of course, Apple is not the only company to have repurchase programs. Other leaders in this are General Electric (NYSE:GE), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT) and drug maker AbbVie (NYSE:ABBV), but Apple's surpasses all in its size.

AAPL Stock Buybacks (Quarterly) data by YCharts

Criticism

Last July, fellow Seeking Alpha writer Antonio Carradinha, wrote an interesting and well thought-out piece criticizing Apple's share repurchase program.

When a company pursues a buyback, it is investing in itself and the firm's management surely thinks that there is no better business than that. All this is very misleading - notably in Apple's case - by the following reasons:

He then goes on to list six reasons.

What I agree with most is #6:

When a company repurchases shares to prevent or reverse undervaluation the advice to the market is that trading players for some reason are not supporting the supposed potential of the company.

Hopefully this is the case. So Apple directors believe that the current price undervalues either:

the current real value of the company, or the future value given plans that it alone knows about.

Or both.

The question then is whether or not it is deluding itself.

Carradinha notes that:

1. While spending billions of dollars with the sole purpose to reduce the number of shares of the company its price has been going down over the last 15 months. 2. With the share buyback Apple has aimed to improve earnings per share which is not happening.

There are two errors here. The first is that somehow repurchases must improve EPS.

This disregards the historical context of Apple's revenue situation.

For several years, Apple ignored a move by many customers to purchase larger smartphones that were offered by competitors. Apple continued to grow in this period, but eventually saw the writing on the wall, and in September of 2014, it released the 6 Plus model. This led to a huge uptick in sales, as customers who had been waiting for such a larger model jumped in to buy it (40% YoY increase and more for the first two quarters). Even at that time, it was suggested that Apple would have trouble meeting these sales numbers in the years to come, and this prediction turned out to be true.

But there were a couple of reasons for the subsequent retreat in iPhone sales. First was the huge surge in sales of iPhone 6 model. Second, this was compounded by a historic slowdown in smartphone growth. In years past, Apple saw year-over-year growth of much higher than 40%, but the market was expanding so quickly that it did not pose a problem to continued growth. Now, however, this is not the case, as the total smartphone market nears saturation, and calendar-year 2016 saw negative growth for Apple.

Revenue drop

Another negative historical factor is the rise of the U.S. dollar. This has had an additional, and substantial, negative effect on revenues and earnings.

My point here is that if Apple's share price is down, it has little to do with the repurchase program, and any positive effects of the program have been grossly overshadowed by the negative factors just mentioned.

Personally, I believe that the market has frequently been overly zealous in emphasizing the negative when it comes to Apple. From the early, pre-iPod days up to now, there are many reporters and analysts who have a prejudice against anything Apple.

Current situation

Currently, Apple shares have risen above $120. While this is short of the $135 high in April of 2015, it is still a 52-week high. It is also over 30% higher than the $90s range of April 2012 when the repurchase program was initiated, and more than twice the April and June 2013 lows of under $60.

Clearly, buybacks in the latter time frames were excellent investments for shareholders!

Logical Flaw

We need to return to Carradinha's first point noted above to see a fundamental flaw in his reasoning:

1. While spending billions of dollars with the sole purpose to reduce the number of shares of the company its price has been going down over the last 15 months. [true at the time]

The implication here is that the purpose of the buyback is to boost share price.

This Carradinha states yet more clearly here:

When a company repurchases shares to prevent or reverse undervaluation 

While boosting share price is a potential and desired outcome, all else being equal, it is not the primary purpose of repurchases.

The real purpose is simple

Corporations generate cash (hopefully), and Apple has generated lots. Steve Jobs held these earnings for a long time because he did not want to find Apple cash-strapped as it had been in earlier days. Additionally, Apple has used cash as a strategic weapon to help suppliers build capacity for cutting edge technology, thus securing assured capacity, unique capacity, and more favorable pricing.

But since then, Apple's available cash has reached such an enormous size that returning it to investors was the only reasonable choice. I am sure that today, Jobs would also be in favor of the current plans.

There are basically two ways to return capital to investors; dividends and share repurchase. Retirees like the extra income from dividends, but many investors would rather not have to pay the income tax on dividends. They like to see the intrinsic value go up, without having a tax burden. Apple's program strikes a balance using both.

Repurchase effect

The buybacks have had one very real impact on the company's financial results. It is very measurable.

Just look at the number of shares in Calendar Q3 (September) 2012 and the latest quarter (December 2016). (Shares and EPS for 2012 are split adjusted)

The question is this: What would EPS have been if there had been no buyback? The math is simple. EPS is simply the profit divided by the number of shares outstanding. If we assume that there were still 6.6 billion shares in the December quarter,

then the EPS would have been only $1.36

the current value is 23% higher.

If you think we have trouble with a low share price, what do you think it would be if last quarter's EPS had been only $1.36? If the trailing twelve-month EPS had been 20% less, and, all other things being equal, the share price would be under $100.

Now you might argue that the price is not affected because while the larger EPS drives it up, Apple now has less saved cash. The reality, however, is that the share price never really reflected cash on hand. Over the last several years, if you subtracted cash per share from the stock price and then computed a P/E ratio, you would always come up with some absurdly low value.

(Note: These numbers are estimate as I have used the number of shares on date of earnings announcement, not the actual number of shares repurchased which is not so easily available. This number is likely to be slightly higher than what I have used, since there are other factors that may affect the number of shares, such as employee options plans, etc.)

Conclusion

There may be other reasons that Apple's stock repurchase program is bad for the company and shareholders. Still, while not an end-all, share repurchases do have two valuable purposes:

Return earnings to owners without incurring taxes, and Increase the EPS for a given earnings.

Obviously, this cannot increase net earnings overall. If revenue and earnings go down substantially, then a reduced number of shares will not cure the business problems.

However, as we have seen, this already has improved EPS by more than 20% over what it would have been. It should be noted that this is a gift that keeps giving, as this 20+% will go on forever.

There may indeed be other effects, and some may be negative. However, it is not realistic to deny the positive effect repurchases have.

Your comments are appreciated. 
2017-01-31
Observations From Apple's Earnings Report iPhone 7 doing better than the iPhone 6s? Hard to say.

I'm currently neutral on Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), but still follow the stock as Apple exerts a large influence on the entire market, through having the largest market capitalization.

Apple just released its Q1 FY2017 earnings report, and I have a large number of observations to make. Here we go:

Apple continues to be an extremely profitable company trading at an undemanding valuation. It trades for 13.9x FY2017 EPS consensus, and 10.6x ex-net cash ($158.54 billion).

($158.54 billion). Apple is ever more reliant on the iPhone. As of Q1 FY2017, the iPhone represented 69.4% of sales, and a much higher share of profits (I put the iPhone's share above 80%).

As of Q1 FY2017, the iPhone represented 69.4% of sales, and a much higher share of profits (I put the iPhone's share above 80%). The iPhone itself grew 5% year on year both in units and revenues. That's an additional 3.5 million units. However, last year's quarter did not have the iPhone SE (launched in late March 2016). Thus, it's likely that either the iPhone 7 or the 7+6s+6 complex actually stagnated or decreased in terms of sales.

(launched in late March 2016). Thus, it's likely that either the iPhone 7 or the 7+6s+6 complex actually stagnated or decreased in terms of sales. The iPhone ASP (Average Selling Price) increased in spite of the inclusion of the iPhone SE ($690 in Q1 FY2016, $694 in Q1 FY2017). This was positive but somewhat expected, since the iPhone 7 Plus has been a large success, gaining mix share . I attribute its attractiveness to more-evident changes, like the inclusion of the double camera. Also certainly helping ASP, but not disclosed by Apple, will have been the inclusion of a lot more storage in the higher tiers, making it more of a deal to buy at least the middle tier. Previously, the lower tier had 16GB in storage and the middle tier had 64GB. With the iPhone 7 this jumped to 32GB and 128GB, so while previously an additional 48GB cost $100, now $100 bought an additional 96GB. In my view this shifted the mix towards higher capacities and thus higher ASPs .

. I attribute its attractiveness to more-evident changes, like the inclusion of the double camera. Also certainly helping ASP, but not disclosed by Apple, will have been the inclusion of a lot more storage in the higher tiers, making it more of a deal to buy at least the middle tier. Previously, the lower tier had 16GB in storage and the middle tier had 64GB. With the iPhone 7 this jumped to 32GB and 128GB, so while previously an additional 48GB cost $100, now $100 bought an additional 96GB. . The iPad continued its implosion, down 19% year-on-year in terms of units and 22% in terms of revenues. iPad's shrinkage is now lasting for years.

The Mac grew surprisingly little in terms of units (+1%) but a bit more in terms of revenues (+7%). I say "surprisingly little" because Q1 FY2017 included the launch of the new MacBook Pros.

in terms of units (+1%) but a bit more in terms of revenues (+7%). I say "surprisingly little" because Q1 FY2017 included the launch of the new MacBook Pros. Apple Services was a bright spot , showing 18% year-on-year growth. There is an ongoing effort to focus on this line as a way to dismiss the iPhone's overwhelming importance. However, if iPhone demand ever flags, services would just follow it with a delay. Services also will have some component of increased new revenue streams helping growth.

, showing 18% year-on-year growth. There is an ongoing effort to focus on this line as a way to dismiss the iPhone's overwhelming importance. However, if iPhone demand ever flags, services would just follow it with a delay. Services also will have some component of increased new revenue streams helping growth. Apple guided for Q2 FY2017 revenues of between $51.5 billion and $53.5 billion. The midpoint ($52.5 billion) as well as the high-end of the range are below the existing $53.94 billion consensus . At the midpoint the guidance represents revenue growth below 4%.

. At the midpoint the guidance represents revenue growth below 4%. The rest of Apple's guidance also implies midpoint EPS of ~$2.01 per share, which comes slightly below existing consensus at $2.09 , even though this consensus had been heading lower recently.

, even though this consensus had been heading lower recently. Apple is known to sandbag , so guidance being only slightly below consensus might not be seen as much of a negative.

, so guidance being only slightly below consensus might not be seen as much of a negative. Apple reported a large (-12%) year-on-year drop in Greater China revenues. However, I put this down to an early iPhone 7 release there, which fell on Q4 FY2016 this cycle, versus Q1 FY2016 last year.

My Additional Take

Before Apple reported, I was actually surprised at how undemanding the revenue consensus was (+2.0%). There were no news of in-quarter iPhone 7 weakness going into the print, plus:

Apple had the iPhone SE which wasn't in the comparison base.

A direct competitor, the Samsung Note 7, was removed from the market in Q1 FY2017, versus a Samsung Note 5 competing healthily during Q1 FY2016.

Apple had the MacBook Pro launch during Q1 FY2017.

Unsurprisingly, Apple beat the revenue consensus. But it didn't beat it by much, and the guidance for next quarter was actually pretty weak. Not just was guidance below the existing consensus, but it implies a sequential revenue drop of 33% this year versus 33.3% last year, or nearly the same. Last year Q2 FY2016's report was seen as very weak and actually led to a significant sell-off in Apple shares.

All of this said, we're now approaching the moment where the iPhone 8 will start being leaked. We can expect the first realistic leaks around mid-March. Apple is likely to already be trading "under the influence" as the market is buying a super cycle, plus I expect Apple to try and wring higher prices from its customers, just like Samsung and Google seem set to do.

Putting it all together, this all seems very neutral to me. Not warranting much of a rally, and not warranting much of a sell-off either. Come mid-March, and just from the first iPhone 8 leaks, we should have a better perspective on how Apple stands to do. After all, this earnings report just continued to confirm that Apple is the iPhone, and wherever the iPhone goes, so will the stock price. Intel Corporation Gets an Apple Inc. iPhone 7 Boost Finally, microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) has managed to achieve a real degree of success in the market for chips that go into smartphones. A while back, it was revealed that Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) had chosen to use Intel as a second source for the LTE modems that power its iPhone.

Now, while some investors may have worried that Intel might be "giving away" these cellular modems -- in a move similar to what the company did with its Bay Trail tablet processors (i.e. providing platform cost offsets valued more than the selling prices of the chips) -- the company's most recent financial results show that this is very clearly not the case.

The big modem boost

Intel's modem sales fall under its Client Computing Group (CCG), which derives the bulk of its revenue from sales of processors and other components that go into personal computers. When Intel reports financial results for CCG, it gives investors two numbers to chew on: platform revenue and "other" revenue. Platform revenue is made up of processor and accompanying chipset (also known as a PCH) sales, while "other" revenue refers to a smorgasbord of other complementary technologies, including cellular modems.

We can see that Intel is seeing a very large boost in cellular modem sales because Intel's revenue from "other" went from $356 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 -- when Intel sold precisely zero modems to Apple -- to $773 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 -- when Intel is known to be selling modems to Apple.

Of course, it's likely that not all of that increase is due to the ramp up in cellular modem shipments -- Intel did take the time to highlight that it enjoyed record Wi-Fi chip shipments last quarter -- but there's really nothing else that can explain the substantial majority of that increase.

What does this revenue increase tell us?

The bad news is that we can't deduce too much about the profitability of these modems solely from these results -- though Intel did indicate later in the call that cellular modem shipments during 2017 would serve as a headwind to the company's gross profit margins. So we know that the modems are sold at lower than corporate average margins.

What we can deduce is this, however: Intel isn't providing excessive "contra-revenue" payments to get these modems into the iPhone because Intel is generating positive revenue -- and significant revenue at that -- from its modems. (Although we already knew this because Intel would almost have certainly disclosed to investors in advance that a ramp of its modem shipments would detract from operating profit.) If that were the case, some investors may have wanted to see the financial evidence before believing it.

Looking ahead

If we assume that Intel is going to continue to supply Apple with modems beyond the iPhone 7 -- and the odds of this look good -- then there are some interesting financial implications. First, Intel's share at Apple may be set to grow in the coming product cycle. Right now, Intel is in some portion of the iPhone 7 models, but is completely absent from the iPhone SE, iPhone 6s, or iPhone 6s.

Once Apple releases new models and waterfalls the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus to serve as its mid-range offerings -- and if we assume that Intel and Qualcomm get roughly equivalent order allocations during the next iPhone cycle to what we're seeing with the iPhone 7 series -- then Intel's share will necessarily go up. I also wouldn't be surprised to see Intel inside of a future iPhone SE, as well.

It's reasonable to expect that Intel will see some nice year-over-year growth in the "other" portion of CCG over the course of 2017, with acceleration happening in the second half of the year, due to the launch of the new iPhone models. Apple Has Forgotten How To 'Think Different' Analysts John Freeman, Fred McClimans and Zach Mitchell contributed to this Samadhi Brief.

Investment Conclusion - Avoid/Short Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)

We believe long-only investors should avoid AAPL, and those that can take short/derivative positions should consider purchasing Out-of-the-Money (OTM) Puts expiring on/after 7/21/17, enough time for the fundamental thesis to begin to play out and be recognized. The core of our thesis is that AAPL has lost its long-standing ability to innovate. In fact, we now believe that AAPL has become an innovation laggard compared to mega-cap tech peers Alphabet (GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), Facebook (NASDAQ:FB), and even Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), a company AAPL has continuously mocked as a copycat.

For us, innovation is the most crucial element in AAPL's future success and growth - not brand cache, not economies of scale, and not even iOS ecosystem lock-in. Correspondingly, AAPL's lack of innovation suggests ensuing share loss in its core markets (i.e., smartphones, tablets, PCs) that have already ceased growing, as well as an inability to even fast-follow in emerging areas such as voice-driven home assistants (e.g., Amazon's Alexa and Google Now) and augmented/virtual reality.

There are two especially glaring areas where we believe AAPL dropped the ball: a fully integrated TV set and a large form factor touchscreen computer. Deteriorating fundamentals in AAPL's present markets, combined with its failure to enter major new markets, will likely result in single-digit revenue contractions for each of the next three years, as opposed to consensus revenue growth estimates of 6% and 7% for FY17 and FY18 respectively (no FY19 estimates yet). Unless management becomes much more risk tolerant and changes how they make product decisions, we do not see a positive growth catalyst until 5G rollout likely prompts a strong iPhone upgrade cycle in 2020-2021.

In addition to our "end of innovation" thesis, we also want to highlight other data points underlying our bearish AAPL opinion:

AAPL now has a negative net cash position of $19b and an absolute cash position of $67b (far less than the $100b+ it has had over the last several years), so cash repatriation on any favorable tax terms the Trump administration might extend will not be as positive an event as it would have been a few years ago.

extend will not be as positive an event as it would have been a few years ago. FY16 (ended 9/24/16) iPhone revenue, which accounted for 63% of AAPL's total, fell 12% from FY15, its first full-year decline.

The global smartphone market appears to be finally approaching saturation, with an installed base equal to half of the adult global population, and even under-penetrated countries such as India saw only single-digit smartphone growth in 2016.

Smartphone upgrade periods are now lengthening significantly. During 2009-2014, the U.S. averaged a steady 22.5 months but bumped up to 28.4 months in 2015. The 2016 estimate is 30 months and is forecast to continue to grow in 2017 (Source: Recon Analytics).

Other AAPL products cannot come to the rescue, including tablets (two consecutive years of sales declines) and PCs (a flat-to-down market where AAPL is also losing market share). The Apple Watch, at <2% of total revenue, is too small to make any top line impact.

We will publish a follow-on to this Brief (our upcoming AAPL CSAR report), with a focused analysis backing our investment conclusion. This piece explains the thematic reasoning behind our call as a prelude to the AAPL CSAR.

AAPL's BIG innovation problem.

We believe AAPL has lost its innovation mojo. Worse, it does not appear that management realizes the severity of the problem, and we see no sign of a change in course to reinvigorate the breakthrough product innovation that has made AAPL the most valuable company in the world. Of course, no corporate fate is set in stone, and certainly not AAPL's, given its history of proving naysayers wrong. AAPL still employs some of the most creative and brilliant minds in tech and is still a leader in the realms of creating intuitive software user interfaces, designing sleek hardware, building and feeding a vibrant developer community, and forging novel win-win partnerships.

Yet, following the 2011 death of Steve Jobs, it seems as if AAPL has turned downright risk-averse regarding product development. Whether consciously or subconsciously motivated, AAPL executives presently appear more focused on tending to the iPod/iPhone/iPad annuity stream, as opposed to taking the risks necessary to create truly breakthrough, innovative products.

Maybe AAPL's executives can no longer recognize and push for product ideas with innovative blockbuster potential. An even more dire possibility: maybe they never developed that skill in the first place. After all, identifying and evaluating the commercial potential of innovations always seemed to be controlled by Jobs. Maybe, without Jobs, AAPL's leadership has become so divided and dysfunctional internally they can only achieve lose-lose compromises, always sacrificing groundbreaking potential for short-term safety and the preservation of inter-departmental harmony.

Obviously, we are just speculating here about the reasons for AAPL's innovation funk, but the conclusion holds so much historical precedence that it is almost a clich . Countless tech companies of all sizes have lost the ability to innovate after the loss of a key founder/CEO. We know this: Steve Jobs did not care about preserving inter-departmental harmony. In fact, time and again, he seemed to deliberately cause discord among his direct reports for effect, sacrificing harmony not just to preserve innovation at AAPL, but to help accelerate it.

To be fair, Jobs was one of the most innovative CEOs ever with an uncanny ability to guide R&D, decide exactly which technologies were ready for prime time, and turn those technologies into products that wowed customers and enhanced AAPL's brand and overall cool factor. Expecting the same pace of product innovation AAPL maintained under Jobs is unrealistic, but we did not expect innovation at AAPL to come to a complete halt, as now appears to be the case.

Although we acknowledge Tim Cook as an excellent executive, we believe his core competencies - i.e., operations and supply-chain management - would make him a much better fit as the CEO of another F500 company. Innovation, vision, and evangelism are not his strongest attributes, and in our opinion, those are exactly the attributes AAPL needs to bring back its innovation mojo.

Under Tim Cook, not only has AAPL not come up with enough new products, it has failed to productize several innovations spearheaded by Jobs where much of the difficult R&D work was already completed. We believe there are a number of compelling, game-changing "products-to-be" currently stuck in the AAPL R&D basement. To be clear, the problem does not lie with R&D and early-product-development teams. Rather, we think that management is simply unwilling to take the chances needed to create the kind of innovative, category-defining products that would prevent a long-term revenue decline.

In press interviews and corporate presentations over the last few years, AAPL execs have given uninspiring and unconvincing reasons why they did not green light products that were eagerly anticipated by analysts, pundits, and loyal customers. An integrated TV set and a large form factor touch-based computer are the leading examples here, and the arguments that AAPL execs have made in support of their decisions feel more like the excuses of an organization content to play defense.

It seems to us as if AAPL execs have forgotten two of the key and interrelated principles behind truly innovative product development:

The concept of a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) that delivers concrete incremental value to the customer, prioritizes time-to-market, and quickly incorporates feedback from the early adopter customers; and parlaying the initial incremental value of an MVP into subsequent product versions that deliver truly transformational value.

To understand and contextualize AAPL's present innovation malaise, we examine two of AAPL's most notable transformational products - the iPod and the iPhone - under the lens of this incremental-to-transformational innovation framework.

Innovation's Own Process: Parlaying Incremental Value into Transformational Value

Our incremental-to-transformational value construct is inspired by Geoffrey Moore's seminal work, Crossing the Chasm that lays out his often-referenced theory on new technology adoption. In Moore's theory, a new tech product - the MVP - does not have to be immediately transformational in order to "cross the chasm" between early adopters who buy technology for technology's sake and the larger population of mainstream customers who buy technology for more practical reasons.

In Moore's parlance, a new tech product only needs to knock down a single "bowling pin," his term for a customer niche with more specific requirements than the overall mainstream.

Knocking down that first pin can then be parlayed into knocking down adjacent bowling pins by modifying/upgrading the product to deliver incremental value to other niches with similar but still different customer requirements. Once a product delivers value to and gains traction in enough niches, it can "cross the chasm" and mainstream adoption takes off. From there, the product can realize the transformational value potential it inherently possessed when conceived.

The iPod and the iPhone are some of the most innovative products ever. (So too was the iPad, though for the sake of brevity, we are leaving that story on the cutting-room floor.) We remember both products for their "transformational value" and the entirely new markets they created. We tend to forget the path they took on their way to becoming the ubiquitous, wildly successful, and transformational products by which we now remember them.

The histories of the iPod and iPhone serve as textbook examples and reminders of how AAPL became one of the most successfully innovative tech companies ever. They also serve as a comparative backdrop for today, illuminating AAPL's loss of innovation mojo.

The iPod Started Incremental 

When the original iPod was released in the fall of 2001, the iTunes store did not exist. In order to load music into the iPod, the customer first took the music CDs they owned and loaded them one after another into their Mac running iTunes software (Windows support came about 20 months later). iTunes automatically copied the songs from the CDs to the Mac, translating their digital format into AAPL's proprietary iTunes format. From that point, the user connected the iPod to their Mac, and iTunes automatically copied the songs from the Mac to the iPod.

Today, that process seems quite awkward and labor-intensive, but it was a big leap forward during a time with 5-foot-tall CD racks and cumbersome CD travel cases. With the iPod, those who wanted to take and listen to their entire music collection on the road could now do so with a single pocket-sized device. The original iPod (including iTunes) is a classic example of an MVP targeted a specific bowling pin. There were any number of features we have come to strongly associate with the iPod that were missing in the original.

Yet, the iPod delivered significant incremental value to a specific niche - Mac-owning music lovers who travel. Based on the incremental value delivered to that niche, AAPL sold about 600,000 iPods in the 14 months following its initial release in October 2001. That was a considerable achievement given the historical context: The telecom/dot-com bubbles had just burst, 9/11 happened two months before the iPod's release, and AAPL did not yet possess nearly the brand appeal it did by 2010.

iTunes makes the iPod Transformational

In April 2003, AAPL introduced the iTunes Store, enabling customers to buy music for the iPod online. In our opinion, that is when the iPod jumped from incremental to transformational. Building on the initial traction gained by providing substantial incremental value to a comparatively small - but dedicated and vocal - customer base of Mac-owning, music-loving frequent travelers, AAPL could then justify a bump in R&D to expand the addressable market (e.g., to develop a Windows version of iTunes).

The iPod's initial traction also helped AAPL's negotiating position when it forged the deal with the record companies necessary to make the transformational iPod + iTunes Store combination a reality. We will admit that AAPL was aided at that time by the music industry's fear of illegal downloading, still spooked by the brief but tremendous success of free music downloading site Napster. With this combination of strategy, timing, and luck, AAPL parlayed the iPod's initial incremental value into truly transformational value delivered to the much larger mainstream.

By coupling the iPod to iTunes and the iTunes Store, AAPL successfully created portable music-playing devices that were not only far superior to any alternative, but completely revolutionized how people bought and consumed music and massively disrupted the structure of the entire music industry.

The iPhone Started Incremental 

We believe the iPhone is an even more powerful example of an MVP that initially delivered compelling incremental value and was then parlayed into delivering transformational value. In doing so, AAPL disrupted yet another entire industry: mobile handsets. Like the original iPod, the original iPhone, released in June 2007, lacked many of the features that drove its mainstream adoption, with the biggest missing piece in our opinion being the complete lack of third-party applications.

Some might argue that the iPhone's multi-touch interface created transformational value, and a case could be made for that. After all, deciding whether the value that a product delivers is "transformational" or "incremental" is highly subjective, with the difference often bordering on the merely semantic. However, even if one is convinced that multi-touch was the iPhone's transformational element, we believe it was certainly not transformational from the get-go.

We believe that the full realization of the multi-touch interface and the transformational value it carried was the result of a superior ability to browse the Web anywhere, anytime. That multi-touch-driven mobile-browsing capability was only truly realized with the 3G version of the iPhone released a year after the original. In fact, we would argue that, although it was compelling and one could get a glimpse of its transformational potential when connected via Wi-Fi, multi-touch browsing on the original 2G iPhone was too painfully slow to offer even much incremental value.

We argue that the original iPhone's key incremental value was simply integrating an iPod with a mobile phone. That, along with a good dose of residual "Think Different" brand cache, enabled AAPL to sell enough of the first iPhone to justify its investment. Some may have different recollections, but we remember clearly that, following the disastrous integration of "iPod functionality" with Motorola's Rokr phone, many die-hard and vocal iPod customers were chomping at the bit for a product that combined the two devices they loved most and wanted in their pocket at all times.

An Aside: Former Smartphone Competitors Though it may seem odd now, in 2008, many believed the smartphone market tide would raise all boats. Most thought that both Research in Motion (NASDAQ:BBRY)-of Blackberry fame-and Nokia (NYSE:NOK)-with its 35% smartphone market share -- would piggyback the iPhone success and continue to grow. After all, the prevailing wisdom was that RIM's Blackberry had a lock on business users and its loyal customers would never give up their physical keyboard for an on-screen one. Similarly, most assumed NOK would continue to dominate the more price-sensitive end of the market due to scale, brand, and tight relationships with telcos worldwide. However, if one saw the inherent transformational value of the iPhone as a platform for "mobile computing apps", the challenge for RIMM and NOK was clear. Sensing that their ability to catalyze and feed third party software developers would be crucial for both NOK and RIMM, we (well, actually only one of us at a previous firm) engaged in a cursory due diligence project to determine the magnitude of their challenge to attract and keep third party app developers to both NOK handsets running the Symbian operating system and RIM handsets running its BBOS platform. The interviews we conducted in early 2009 convinced us NOK and BBRY were likely in trouble. With NOK, developing apps on Symbian required: Fluency in Symbian C++, an altered and more-difficult version of standard C++, itself having a steep learning curve;

That individual applications be tweaked significantly for each phone/device; and

An "almost manual" debugging process with only marginally helpful tools, most from the 1980's. As for developing for the Blackberry, the consensus was that it was basically a non-starter. One developer with whom we spoke literally just laughed when we asked about development on the Blackberry, not even dignifying the question with a verbal response. - Samadhi Partners

The demand for this iPod + handset combo, frequently voiced by AAPL fanatics and some general consumers alike in 2005 and 2006, now seems forgotten. However, we firmly believe it was the incremental value of the iPod + handset combo, along with a good dose of residual "Think Different" brand cache, that enabled AAPL to knock over its first bowling pin to the tune of five million iPhone customers within the first year of its release.

An SDK and App Store make the iPhone Transformational

With a base of five million users by which to attract developers, AAPL did two things in the first half of 2008 that truly marked the iPhone's jump a little later from incremental to transformational: First, it released the iPhone Software Developer's Kit (SDK) in March 2008. Second, it launched the app store for the iPhone in July 2008. Not only did AAPL open the iPhone to third-party application development, it built an unprecedented end-to-end environment and toolset making it possible to build fully featured apps within weeks.

Demonstrating the ease of iPhone app development, over 800 apps were developed and ready for download in the three months between the release of the SDK and the launch of the app store - an elegantly constructed storefront, accessible right from the iPhone, that drastically reduced the friction between buyers and sellers of apps.

Together, the iOS SDK and the app store enabled AAPL, extending Geoffrey Moore's bowling analogy from Crossing the Chasm, to knock over a huge number of bowling pins without significantly increasing its level of effort. More specifically, by making iOS apps so easy to build and sell, AAPL enlisted an army of third-party developers so large that soon there existed at least one compelling application to match the desires of virtually any iPhone customer.

By the end of 2008, AAPL sold an additional seven million iPhones and third parties contributed approximately 6,700 new apps. iPhone users cumulatively recorded more than 400 million app downloads in 2008. The exploding growth of the iPhone community attracted even more apps and developers, which, in turn, attracted more iPhone customers, initiating one of the most remarkable and lucrative feedback loops in tech-sector history: Users attracting developers, developers making apps, and apps attracting more users, ad infinitum. By 2009, despite the grave economic uncertainty of the times, AAPL had successfully built a revolutionary product that created transformational value.

Please forgive us for the history lesson, but we felt it was a necessary backdrop to explain why we think AAPL has lost its innovation mojo. Now, let's look at two product ideas - the integrated TV set and the large form factor touchscreen computer - that share the following four characteristics: 1. AAPL has already completed most of the difficult R&D work to turn these ideas into products, 2. each holds the potential to be truly transformational, 3. the Total Addressable Market (TAM) for each is large enough to significantly improve AAPL's top and bottom lines, and 4. there exists significant risk of high-profile failure.

Punting the TV Set

In Walter Isaacson's biography of Jobs - which, for reference, was published shortly after the subject's 2011 passing - Jobs expresses unabashed zeal about the R&D progress AAPL had already made in creating a truly integrated, flat-screen TV. Isaacson writes:

"[Steve Jobs] very much wanted to do for television sets what he had done for computers, music players, and phones: make them simple and elegant. 'I'd like to create an integrated television set that is completely easy to use,' he told me. 'It would be seamlessly synced with all of your devices and with iCloud.' No longer would users have to fiddle with complex remotes for DVD players and cable channels. 'It will have the simplest user interface you could imagine. I finally cracked it.'"

To be clear, the above-described product is wholly different than the current AAPL TV product, which, in our view, is not much more than an overpriced iPod with an HDMI interface. The "integrated television set" envisioned by Jobs has not been brought to market even after six years from that conversation. Per a May 18th, 2015 article in The Wall Street Journal, AAPL is said to have given up completely on the idea of a television set sometime during 2014, although this was never officially confirmed or denied by AAPL.

We found the arguments offered against an Apple TV set in the article particularly curious, if not laughable (text bolding added for emphasis):

"Apple had searched for breakthrough features to justify building an Apple-branded television set, those people said. In addition to an ultra-high-definition display, Apple considered adding sensor-equipped cameras so viewers could make video calls through the set. Ultimately, though, Apple executives didn't consider any of those features compelling enough to enter the highly competitive television market, led by Samsung Electronics Co."

Virtually every aspect of how we control our TVs has been begging for a complete re-think and re-design for what seems like decades now, including confusing, easy-to-lose, hard-to-use remote controls, as well as the notoriously counterintuitive, awkward, and sometimes downright infuriating software interfaces to control the basic functions of the TV. In our view, AAPL is simply not telling a credible story in suggesting that there are no features it could add to a television product that would be compelling enough for success in the market.

First of all, since when has AAPL shied away from jumping into a market dominated by incumbents with long histories? A strong argument can be made that portable music players, music stores, and mobile handsets possessed more daunting competition than an AAPL TV set would have faced in 2013 or even today for that matter. To be sure, TV-set market-share leader Samsung (OTC:SSNLF) possesses several advantages that make it a formidable competitor: An extensive global distribution network; design and manufacturing processes honed to ensure very high quality at low cost; and, perhaps most significant, vertical integration for many of the most critical, high-cost TV components such as the flat panel display, the LEDs and OLEDs in the display, DRAM, and image processors.

However, Samsung is not known for user-friendly, intuitive software interfaces; slick hardware design; innovative ergonomics; or, frankly, much of any truly breakthrough innovation in consumer electronics (Samsung is, however, an innovation standout when it comes to physical layer technologies, components, and semiconductor manufacturing). Core competence and innovation in these areas are supposed to be AAPL's calling cards, and it has used them to successfully battle Samsung and minimize its advantages in other areas, most obviously and importantly in smart phones.

Samsung also does not possess AAPL's massive developer community, let alone a knack for building and feeding such a developer community. Last, and perhaps most importantly, Samsung does not possess AAPL's brand, which features a core cult of tens of millions of global members, most of whom fall into the highest-income, least-price-sensitive demographic. AAPL's cult-member customers jump at the opportunity to buy virtually any product AAPL proclaims to be the next big thing, and the television, in our opinion, would have been no exception. In fact, after the 1994 retirement of Sony's legendary and truly ground-breaking founder/CEO, Akio Morita, it is hard to call any TV maker "innovative," particularly compared to AAPL.

Jobs was unambiguous in his belief that a change was needed in how we controlled our television. Our conversations with former AAPL execs and with key AAPL-supplier employees made it clear to us that Jobs had a particular solution in mind: he wanted to integrate Siri, AAPL's voice recognition software, with the TV. Critics will cite two main problems with using Siri as a TV control mechanism, as opposed to its original purpose of answering open-ended queries:

The first is the potential for too many voice recognition errors. People might not mind repeating general questions to Siri, but a high error rate for basic television control commands would be highly frustrating.

The second is what would be an intolerably long response time. Once the audio signal of a user's verbal command is properly translated into words, a long delay would follow if Siri were to operate the way it does normally, which is to send recognized words as text via the Internet to Siri's knowledge servers in AAPL's data center, looking up and retrieving the command corresponding to the words, and sending that command all the way back to the TV for execution.

AAPL's Difficulty with Difficulties

These two issues would not have been difficult to overcome at all. AAPL could have created and installed a "subset" version of Siri with a vocabulary limited only to relevant television control commands, programming titles, and a few selected content descriptions of the available programming (e.g., genre, actors, the director, season, etc.).

That vocabulary could easily fit into less than 1GB of solid-state, NAND Flash storage in the TV and goes a long way toward alleviating both the recognition accuracy and delay problems. A limited vocabulary would substantially improve voice-recognition accuracy, and storing that vocabulary locally on the TV set eliminates the need to send the voice commands via the Internet and back for word-to-meaning resolution.

With the substantially larger circuit board real estate on a TV compared to an iPhone, AAPL could have employed the latest Digital Signal Processors (DSPs), throwing a lot more processing power directly at the task of voice recognition. Finally, a TV set has the necessary real estate to employ larger, more accurate microphones, also improving voice recognition accuracy.

When Siri debuted on the iPhone 4 in 2011, its voice recognition error rate was ~18%, high but tolerable for general queries. By employing the previously mentioned "TV Siri" with its subset TV command vocabulary, the latest DSPs, larger mics, and other advances that AAPL could have made between 2011 through 2013, we believe an integrated AAPL TV set launched in early 2014 could have achieved a voice recognition error rate of less than 5%.

By comparison, today's leading voice recognition systems (e.g., Siri, Google Now, Amazon Echo, and Microsoft's Cortana) can now attain word recognition error rates at or below 5%, and that is for the entire universe of vocabulary for general questions, not the comparatively limited command and content-related vocabulary TV Siri would have required.

The question, we suppose, is whether a voice-driven interface for a TV set would have represented enough incremental value for a successful MVP. We believe the answer is a self-evident and resounding "YES." For those who need a little more convincing about there being enough potential customers for such a voice-driven MVP TV set, we provide some anecdotes in the sidebar, "On the State of the Human/TV Interface." Any similarity between these anecdotes and real-life events is purely coincidental  Those already convinced of the latent demand for a new way to control the TV may skip this sidebar.

Aside: On the State of the Human/TV Interface Unlike the apparent opinion of AAPL execs, we believe there are many people who would see substantial incremental value in a TV set product featuring a well-designed voice-driven interface that could interpret and execute direct, verbal commands and perform content searches. The people who would be ideal candidates to buy such a TV set, even if it were an MVP, might fall under the following hypotheticals, including anyone who has ever   used one of the unbelievably obtuse, counterintuitive, remote-button-driven Electronic Programming Guides (EPGs). (To this day, EPG's continue to adhere to a rigid structure that was standardized way back in the 1980s.)  felt the aggravation of navigating a maze of pointless Yes/No toggle screens, infinitely nested drop-down menus, and circular jump commands just to turn on closed captioning but without changing the default language from English to Mandarin.  taken almost ten minutes to fat finger and search for "I Just Remembered That I Still Know What You Did Last Summer III" using the remote's cramped arrow buttons and a painfully small, on-screen, "select-a-letter" grid.  hurled the remote against a TV screen after scrolling through 1,000+ channels desperately trying to catch a sporting event before it ends, such as, for example, the overtime finish of the UVA vs. Hopkins NCAA lacrosse playoff game that was one of several simultaneously broadcast NCAA lacrosse games from Divisions I, II, and III, including both women's and men's playoffs and being supremely frustrated because the EPG program descriptions are all cut off from view in "scroll mode," forcing you to stop at each channel entry and hit that tiny "more info" button, which, of course, you eventually miss, hitting the adjacent button that returns the TV to the Pay-Per-View movie watched, Paris Hilton's 2008 classic The Hottie and the Nottie, officially making you the laughing stock among the coworkers you invited over that day. - Samadhi Partners

Of course, with any product innovative, laggard, or retro, strong execution on one or two key features is always necessary for success. In this case, strong execution might entail the addition of a mechanism to visually recognize a set of predefined hand gestures, which might be less intrusive to other viewers in the room for common commands like volume control. It would totally make sense for TV Siri to be able to switch to "general query mode," which would essentially be the same Siri as the one running on one's iPhone.

Further, it might be a good option to keep this more generalized version of Siri turned on and recording 24/7 to accelerate the improvement of its voice recognition and language-learning algorithms and to be able to differentiate between different family members' voices-just like Amazon Echo can do today.

This leads us to what might be the most problematic aspect of AAPL's swing-and-miss in the TV space. Like AMZN's Echo, TV Siri could soon have been tweaked and expanded to serve any number of non-TV functions, including the ability to play content from iTunes, order content from the iTunes Store, or run immersive, multi-media language learning applications-all by just talking. Given that the TV remains the physical centerpiece of most living rooms, an AAPL TV set running Siri could have served as a critical first step towards introducing home AI.

This still-nascent home AI market-presently dominated by competitors Google, Amazon, and Microsoft, among others-is estimated by Grand View Research to explode to $12b by 2024, up from less than $1b this year, and we think that estimate is likely quite low. So, coming full circle, we feel that AAPL management's apparent fear of failure, manifesting in the decision not to pursue Jobs' vision for an Apple TV set, has now placed the company dangerously behind in the home AI space.

The Touch-Screen "Desktop" - Scooped by Microsoft?

Another idea that has never seen the light of day at AAPL is a fully-featured computer with a large (i.e., >15 inch/38 cm) multi-touchscreen interface. Unlike the television, the concept of a multi-touch computer has been publicly and officially rejected by two different AAPL executives. First, on October, 16, 2014, Craig Federighi, AAPL's Senior VP of Software Engineering, claimed the following on CNET:

"It's really fantastic that at AAPL we build prototypes around all sorts of ideas. We certainly explored the topic deeply many years ago and had working models. But we decided that it really was a compromise. For a device that you hold in your hand like a phone or tablet   we think touch is at its best. And, we wanted to build, and have built, a really deep experience around a "multi-touch first" user interface. Grafting touch on something that fundamentally was designed around a precise pointer really compromises the experience."

More recently on November 14th, 2016, Phil Schiller, AAPL's Senior VP of Worldwide Marketing had this to say about multi-touch on Mac:

"We think of the whole platform. If we were to do Multi-Touch on the screen of the notebook, that wouldn't be enough-then the desktop wouldn't work that way."

And touch on the desktop, he says, would be a disaster:

"Can you imagine a 27-inch iMac where you have to reach over the air to try to touch and do things? That becomes absurd."

He also explains that such a move would mean totally redesigning the menu bar for fingers, ruining the experience for those using pointer devices like the Apple Pencil or the mouse:

"You can't optimize for both   It's the lowest common denominator thinking."

Over the last few years, there have been a few other expressions by members of AAPL management, both directly quoted and referenced by the press and pundits, pointing to how awkward and tiring it would be to have to continuously reach "up" (or in Schiller's own words, "over the air") to a monitor to execute commands or manipulate objects on the screen. Essentially, one of AAPL's primary arguments against the touch-screen desktop has been ergonomic. This ergonomic problem is largely solved, however, by simply being able to position the screen flat or at a shallow angle on a "surface."

In fact, AAPL seemingly figured this out already. In 2010, AAPL filed a patent for a mechanism (EU filing number: PCT/US2009/050168) whereby adjusting the angle of the screen of a computer automatically changes "the mode of input." When the screen is vertical, the operating system remains in "mouse input mode." When the user adjusts the screen angle below some user-set threshold, the operating system switches to touch input mode.

So, in our view, two things are evident from this patent filing:

First, it is obvious to those inside AAPL, not to mention many in the field of human-computer interfaces, that a full-fledged, touch-driven computer is only ergonomically viable at flat or a shallow angle on a desk surface. In this light, Federighi's and, especially, Schiller's objections that a touch-driven interface would be awkward and tiring ring hollow. More than hollow, it sounds almost disingenuous, as if the real reason for not pursuing a touchscreen Mac or a beefed-up iPad equivalent were more related to internal politics rather than a sincerely held belief about the future of computing.

Second, it shows that someone inside of AAPL actually came up with what seems to be a reasonable solution to the "can't optimize for both" problem (i.e., both mouse and touch input modes).

Maybe we are blowing AAPL's resistance to a large form factor, touch-driven computer out of proportion. We fully understand that companies often file patents without ever productizing them. Further, we admit there is something decidedly "Apple-esque," or more appropriately, "Jobs-ian" about Schiller's aversion to that "lowest common denominator thinking." We too think Jobs would not have been fond of a "dual mode" operating system, regardless of how slick a mechanism is employed to automatically switch between modes.

The difference, however, is that we believe Jobs would not have abandoned touch, which, along with voice recognition, represents the future of the human-computer interface. Instead, Jobs would have killed the mouse, and he would have made a big damn deal about doing it too. The ad script almost writes itself: "The company that ushered in the era of the mouse and killed the command line is now ushering in the era of touch and killing the mouse."

In our opinion, AAPL should have made this move at least two if not three years ago. The technology for acceptably priced 15inch/38cm touchscreens has been ready since 2013. With a little price/performance extrapolation with Moore's Law as a rough guide, AAPL could have easily anticipated when large form-factor touchscreens would be ready for prime time.

What is more, given AAPL's expertise and track record in ergonomics, user interfaces, and making an entirely new computing context relatively easy for developers to quickly create compelling applications, it is hard to believe AAPL could not have made a touch version of OS X to go with a new line of "TouchMacs" by the end of 2014, or the end of 2015 at the very latest.

Yet, here we are in 2017 with no indication that AAPL is even close to launching a touchscreen Mac. At minimum, AAPL could have developed a "Pro" version of iOS running on a beefed up, large form factor iPad. And, if you were wondering, today's iPad Pro is not nearly beefed up enough to run apps where serious creative work is done.

To be fair, the iPad Pro does have fans among some creative professionals, mainly those who spend a lot of their time in the initial ideation and sketching phases of the content creation workflow. The creative professionals who are satisfied with the iPad Pro see it as an accessory, not a replacement, for a full-fledged Mac that can handle the most processor/memory intensive and collaborative phases of the content creation workflow.

Perhaps AAPL is simply biding its time before it releases an iPad with the processing/memory muscle running a correspondingly powerful, revamped version of iOS so that creative professionals of many types can use it to handle the entire creative workflow, from ideation to finished content. The problem is that, in our opinion, AAPL does not have the luxury to wait. The most shocking thing about AAPL's inaction regarding touchscreen computing is the fact that it appears to have been scooped by Microsoft with the Surface line in general and the Surface Studio in particular.

Released in October 2016, Surface Studio is an ergonomically well-designed, high-end 28-inch touchscreen desktop with a full 90  range of motion (flat to vertical) aimed at the most loyal core of AAPL's customers: creative professionals.

Though creative professionals are a small niche, they have been central to AAPL's success historically. We believe creative professionals serve as canaries in the coal mine and listening to them reveals insights into AAPL's creative, innovative soul. When AAPL was at its lowest point in the mid-90's and its existence as an independent entity was in jeopardy, creative professionals stayed loyal, stubbornly hanging on to the Mac platform even within Windows-dominated enterprises.

AAPL, in turn, gave back, prioritizing features this niche customer base was asking for and focusing its limited developer support funds specifically on those that produced applications for creative professionals (e.g., graphics, drawing, publishing, video/photo editing, music production, etc.).

It's Time to 'Think Different' - Again

We believe that creative professionals were an early key behind AAPL's resurgence. After Jobs took over in 1997, AAPL launched its award-winning "Think Different" ad campaign that, in effect, likened its creative professional customers to many of the most revered and innovative icons of the 20th century (Albert Einstein, Bob Dylan, Jim Henson, Richard Feynman, etc.).

The campaign accomplished three key goals that set the stage for AAPL's unprecedented corporate comeback from during 2001-2010: 1. it paid homage to its creative professional customer base, essentially thanking them for their loyalty, and, in turn, strengthening their dedication to the brand; 2. it celebrated and amplified the "cool nonconformity" of creative professionals who use AAPL products; and 3. it implied that anyone who thought of themselves as "a rebel," even if they were not a creative professional, should consider a Mac-the creative professional bowling pin knocked down the pins of the broader consumer market.

Fast forward to today and one sees numerous signs that AAPL did not just lose its innovation mojo, but that MSFT has stolen it, at least in terms of touch computing. The entire Microsoft Surface line, which admittedly experienced an awkward, slow start, is indeed now attracting creative professionals at a decent clip. Further, it seems that many of these professionals never even tried to use the iPad for professional content creation.

Most are not abandoning the iPad for the Surface. Rather, they appear to be mostly abandoning the Mac for the Surface, indicating not merely a preference for a particular "digital sketching accessory" but a migration to a completely different computing platform to handle the entire creative workflow, from ideation to finishing touches.

Regardless of whether the Surface Family is taking share from iPads or Macs, the numbers are surprising and telling: In the first three quarters of 2016, total Surface revenue was up 18% y/y to $3.1b, while iPad revenue fell 5% to $13.5b and Mac revenue fell 13% to $16.1b. What is more, these numbers do not include Surface Studio sales that went on sale in November and of all Surface models, Surface Studio is the most squarely targeted at creative professionals.

We firmly believe AAPL has opened the door wide for MSFT and potentially others to take the lead and define the future of touch computing, which represents, along with voice recognition, the future of the human-computer interface. This misstep specifically, and more generally, AAPL's overall innovation problem is certainly not a matter of resources as it is for many tech companies pressured to make more risk-averse product development decisions.

Ultimately, AAPL's innovation problem lies with CEO Tim Cook whose core competencies lie solidly in the realms of operations, logistics, and supply-chain management. Without Jobs' innate ability to define AAPL's innovative future, maybe Cook is relying too much on the consensus of his several direct reports.

Unfortunately, consensus decision-making is usually anathema to innovation. This is especially true when a CEO is trying to determine consensus among several strong-willed leaders all vying to be, at least, the visionary leader of the largest company in the world.

It is even more true when this consensus is being arbitrated by a CEO without the vision or tech chops necessary to call out his direct reports when they obfuscate, exaggerate, and manipulate. These issues occur with ambitious, capable humans in any organization. However, now that AAPL is the most valuable company in the world, the bar is much higher, especially for investors anticipating continued growth for AAPL.

We believe that AAPL can fix its innovation problem if either Cook resigns or if Cook appoints someone to be transparently and unequivocally responsible for the vision and product decisions of the company. However, we are not in the management consulting business and realistically, do not see that kind of move happening any time soon.

This Samadhi Brief is part of a larger series on AAPL, that includes Alerts, Company Scenarios and Research (CSAR) reports, and Thematic Industry Fundamentals (TIF) sector reports. All Eyes On Apple Inc. (AAPL) And Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Ahead Of ... All investors await with bated breath to see how Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) will shake Wall Street tonight, with Apple on the brink of posting its fiscal first quarter results of 2017 and Exxon raring to release its fourth-quarter earnings.

Two analysts echo bullish sentiments with regards to Apple s upcoming print, with excited buzz surrounding the forthcoming September launch of the iPhone s 10th model, dubbed across the tech-verse as  X.  Conversely, one analyst tiptoes with more caution around Exxon after two weak spots in terms of back-to-back quarters, but with a rise in encouragement for what to expect for the fourth quarter.

Let s take a closer look:

Apple s Success and Growth for the Next 6 to 9 Months Hinge Upon the  X  Factor

Drexel Hamilton analyst Brian White paints an upbeat picture on Apple ahead of the print: one of fulfilled or outclassed expectations and a comeback kick for growth.

As such, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares of AAPL with a $185 price target, which represents a just under 53% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

For the first fiscal quarter, the analyst is calling for $77.61 billion in sales, which denotes a 2% year-over-year rise, slightly ahead of the Street s $77.12 billion; an expectation, which he anticipates the giant will either meet or beat. White s projection denotes a 66% quarter-over-quarter increase, bolstered by an added week, and is over the five-year average quarter-over-quarter growth of 59% over quarters this time in previous years. However, the analyst notes the estimate also falls under the 77% growth during this quarter two years ago, thanks to the stellar performance of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus in the past.

Meanwhile, the analyst has even more positive approach to AAPL s EPS this quarter, predicting a beat for his estimate of $3.22, which is just over the Street s estimate of $3.21. Additionally, White points to the tech giant s guidance, which set expectations for sales to hit $76 to $78 billion with implied EPS circling $3.17.

White believes there was an iPhone cycle bottoming out phenomenon in the second quarter of the fiscal year of 2016, which showcased a 16% dip year-over-year, but affirms that the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 plus can return the tech giant to its unit growth glory days for this quarter. This is considering that the past three quarters revealed a decline in growth. White estimates AAPL will bring 76 million in iPhone units for this quarter, which would reveal a 67% quarter-over-quarter rise.

Less positively,  Although we believe Apple will benefit from the iPhone 7 launch in China, we expect Greater China revenue to fall by 20-30% YoY in 1Q:FY17 and decline by 5-10% in FY:17,  opines White.

Though largely bullish, the analyst s preview of the tech giant is not without apprehension, as he ventures,  For iPad, we are modeling 15.5 million units (down 4% YoY) in 1Q:FY17 but our estimates could be at risk. For Services, we are modeling revenue of $6.45 billion and believe Apple could beat our projections. Finally, we believe Apple Watch enjoyed a strong holiday season and AirPods (available 12/13) got off to a strong start. 

Lastly, the analyst posits,  Rising FX headwinds and the seasonal volatility after a new iPhone ramp will likely play into the company s outlook. 

Overall,  In 1Q:FY17, we look for Tim Cook to make Apple grow again on the back of the iPhone 7 and a happy holiday season, while we look forward to the launch of the iPhone  X  in September 2017. Finally, the potential for more favorable tax repatriation policies could be a positive catalyst for Apple and we recommend a 3.5-4% dividend yield. In our view, Apple remains one of the most underappreciated stocks in the world,  White contends.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Brian White is ranked #180 out of 4,370 analysts. White has a 61% success rate and earns 8.8% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, White yields 20.8% in average profits on the stock.

In a separate, but also bullish corner, BMO analyst Tim Long likewise is betting on Apple with full confidence, reiterating an Outperform rating on AAPL with a price target of $135, which represents a close to 12% increase from current levels.

Long s expectations surpass that of consensus, as he notes,  Our iPhone unit estimates are 3 million/2 million above consensus for results and guidance, respectively, though we believe investor concerns are currently more focused on gross margin guidance. Our FY2017/2018 EPS estimates are $9.05/$9.89, compared with consensus of$8.92/$10.05, respectively. 

For the fourth quarter, Long projects EPS will reach $3.27, above the Street s $3.22. Moreover, the analyst models a much more confident revenue forecast than that of consensus, which he attributes to robust iPhone revenue performance. Yet, the analyst adds,  Our gross margin guidance of 38.4% is slightly below the Street s 38.5%, though our lower opex view more than offsets the difference. 

Ultimately, from Long s eyes, the iPhone machine is  still key  for the tech giant, concluding,  We model 80 million iPhones in the December quarter compared with the consensus estimate of 77 million, which has been slipping in recent weeks. We are also above the Street with 55 million in the March quarter, having raised numbers last month on better post-iPhone 7 launch impressions. Discussions are starting for this year s iPhone refresh. We believe the expected success of the new models will be the main determinant of AAPL stock success over the next six to nine months. 

According to TipRanks, four-star analyst Tim Long is ranked #517 out of 4,370 analysts. Long has a 61% success rate and realizes 7.6% in his annual returns. When rating AAPL, Long gains 17.3% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics indicate AAPL as a Strong Buy. Out of 32 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 27 are bullish on Apple stock and 5 remain sidelined. With a return potential of nearly 14%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $137.75.

Exxon Stumbled the Past 2 Quarters, but 4Q to Bring Silver Lining

J.P. Morgan analyst Phil Gresh is particularly intrigued to see how Exxon improved in its fourth quarter, considering surprise left curveballs thrown at the firm in its past two consecutive quarters. Cautious, yet with renewed optimism, the analyst reiterates a Neutral rating on XOM with a price target of $94, which represents a 12% increase from where the shares last closed.

Gresh explains,  After uncharacteristically tough quarters in 2Q and 3Q, we expect a better result from XOM in 4Q. Upstream should be aided by XOM s higher exposure to natural gas, particularly in Europe, and improving LNG prices. Downstream could also benefit from better international trends, even if domestic trends are tough. Finally, we do not expect a recurrence of the 3Q CFO headwinds. 

Looking ahead,  We expect the recent $5.6-6.6B Permian acquisition to be a key focus on the call, around which we think the company could provide more color on its broader shale outlook moving forward. We would also expect commentary around the CEO transition to be another focus, with a more thorough strategic update at the analyst day. The company might also give 2017 capex guidance, which could be positive based on recent trends,  continues the analyst.

However,  The one negative overhang remains the possibility/magnitude of any potential write-downs, though the stock has clearly lagged peers, suggesting that some of this may already be priced in,  Gresh surmises.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, four-star analyst Phil Gresh is ranked #1,009 out of 4,370 analysts. Gresh has a 65% success rate and garners 7.7% in his annual returns. When rating XOM, Gresh secured 0.0% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit XOM as a Hold. Based on 8 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 6 maintain a Hold on XOM stock while 2 issue a Sell. The 12-month average price target stands at $86.29, marking a nearly 3% upside from where the stock is currently trading. Here's Why AirPods Are The Key To Apple's Next Big Growth Cycle From Jon Markman : A few weeks ago, the battery in my daughter s MacBook Pro laptop went on the fritz. It wouldn t charge; she was chained to a wall plug. Among other inconveniences, there was no way for her to take notes during lectures at Purdue University, where she is a junior.

The laptop was five years old, but it had a great 15-inch screen and everything else worked fine. She looked into having the battery replaced by the factory or by a campus-area computer store. But quotes ranged from $700 to $1,000, plus she d have no computer for at least a week.

As a result, we spent a while on the phone over a few days, talking over the alternatives. She was open to the idea of switching back to the Windows world, since you can get much better specs (CPU speed, RAM and SSD size) for your money. She knows I m a big Windows and Android advocate, but I could hear in her voice that she really wanted to stick with Apple.

The whole exchange reminded me of her birthday gift in January 2003 when she was 8 years old. She wanted a portable music device, and there were lots of brands to choose from (most of which have disappeared) with better specs than the new and exciting iPod. But Apple marketing had pierced her brain, and even though it was more expensive with lower capacity, the brand prevailed.

I am mentioning this now because the status of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) as a prestige brand has been under siege more in the past year-and-a-half than at any time in the past decade.

The company created the modern smartphone, and then leveraged it by clever promotion into the largest market capitalization in the country, by a whopping $70 billion over Alphabet (GOOGL) and by $130 billion over the third-largest company, Microsoft (MSFT).

Yet a lack of diversification into any new product lines and a lack of noticeable innovation in the iPhone have led to open season by boo birds, who believe the company cannot maintain the fat profit margins that sustain its success.

My daughter s decision-making process suggests that Apple has still maintained its edge in the sort of marketing prowess that keeps margins wide. People still believe in its products, and they want to be associated with them, regardless of other key factors such as price and features.

So Apple continues to mint money and maintain shareholder value. The stock reached a new one-year high last week as it prepares to release Q4 2016 earnings this afternoon. And it looks like after two years in the dog house, Apple has an excellent chance of re-emerging as a leader.

One key reason: The next big thing in computing is voice. Companies have been falling all over each other to get their gear to work with Amazon s Alexa, the artificially intelligent digital assistant. It s cool. Investors are stoked. Rightfully so. Meanwhile, Apple s Siri, despite a five-year head start and glowing forecasts, has become the butt of incompetence jokes.

So, Apple doubled down instead of laying down. It decided to put Siri in users  ears with expensive, unattractive wireless headphones called AirPods. And it looks like the company has a shot at using AirPods to build an even bigger marketing moat around its golden goose, iPhone.

What makes AirPods so important is a tiny system-on-a-chip (SoC), the W1. This chip provides AirPods with tremendous range   and the ability to instantly pair over Bluetooth with any Apple smartwatch, iPad, Mac computer or iPhone signed in to an iCloud account. That s a neat trick with huge benefits.





Click image for larger view

Matt Weinberger at Business Insider writes :  I m going to call my shot right here based on these factors: Apple s Echo competitor, whenever it arrives, won t have Siri built in, but rather will use Bluetooth and the W1 chip to connect directly to your iPhone and call Siri from there. It would look like the Amazon Echo or Google Home but use the W1 s insane range to link to your phone from anywhere in your house. This would accomplish Apple s goal of requiring you to have an iPhone to use its best stuff. 

Weinberger makes a good point. And that strategy does scream Apple.

There are some potential hurdles. The supposed magic feature of AirPods is easy Bluetooth pairing. Nifty animations and Apple propaganda aside, painless Bluetooth pairing is not revolutionary. Modern devices require only one initial pairing. After that you are good to go.

And then there is the industrial design. Let s face it, AirPods look dorky.

To compete in the marketplace for AI digital assistants, Apple is betting its huge install-base will not only buy the $159 earbuds, but also wear them continuously to call on Siri.

That may be a stretch as Alexa, Microsoft s Cortana and Google s Assistant find their way into cars, homes and appliances. Meanwhile, Samsung s Viv and Facebook s M digital assistants cannot be dismissed. Although neither has seen widespread release, they too bring massive install-bases. They re players.

Despite promises of the next big thing, Apple is still an iPhone company. Recently, even Peter Thiel, the controversial Silicon Valley investor, opined Apple s best days are past. Smartphones are no longer the center of innovation, he argued. Thiel has a point. Software is now far more important than most hardware.

The exception is iPhone. If Apple can use Siri to continue selling tens of millions of premium smartphones for a hefty profit, the shares have much more upside.

The Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) was trading at $120.92 per share on Tuesday morning, down $0.71 (-0.58%). Year-to-date, AAPL has gained 4.40%, versus a 1.38% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period.

This article is brought to you courtesy of Money And Markets. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Has Surged To A New High On Strong Q1 Earnings CLOSE X Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update

Clear List CLOSE X Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector

Select the background color of your choice: Black Slate Gray Light Gray Gray Blue

Quote Search

Select a default target page for your quote search: Real-Time

After Hours

Pre-Market

News Flash Quote

Summary Quote

Interactive Charts

Default Setting





If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above.If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com CLOSE X Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO Apple's holiday-quarter revenue rises 3 pct  Apple reports Q1 iPhone sales of 78.3 million units  
2017-02-01
Apple sees about $16 bln capex during 2017  
2017-02-02
Apple readies to sell up to $8 bln in new bonds- FT, citing sources  Nokia prepared for long legal battle with Apple - CFO  
2017-02-03
Apple files for nine-part, $10.0 bln notes offering  
2017-02-09
Vanguard Group hikes passive stake in Apple to 6.3 pct from 5.8 pct  
2017-02-14
Greenlight Capital ups share stake in Apple, dissolves in Take Two Interactive Software  Tiger Global Management dissolves in Apple, takes in Symantec  
2017-02-19
Is Apple, Inc. About to Kill Touch ID? Touch ID has been an unqualified success. By integrating biometric security into iPhones, Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) raised the bar in terms of what consumers expect of their smartphones, and rivals expectedly followed suit by implementing their own fingerprint sensors shortly thereafter. But there's been some speculation for years that Apple is interested in removing the home button on future iPhones, which just so happens to be where the Touch ID sensor is integrated. Meanwhile, it may adopt some sort of 3D facial recognition or iris scanning technology to bolster the iPhone's biometric security.

Would Apple really kill Touch ID altogether?

Rumor has it

That's the theory that JPMorgan analyst Rod Hall is putting forth (via MacRumors). Hall believes that Apple will finally pull the trigger on killing the home button with the iPhone 8, Apple's 10th-generation iPhone due out later this year. This would allow the company to implement an edge-to-edge display. Apple is reportedly looking to include a 3D laser scanner that would allow for facial recognition, a component that runs around $10 to $15.

Hall notes that Touch ID sometimes fails, like in wet conditions. iPhones have been getting progressively more waterproof, so using Touch ID under wet conditions is more common nowadays. Facial recognition could work more seamlessly, and could even be used for Apple Pay authentication. It's also worth pointing out that since facial recognition is very software-intensive, the performance would likely be able to improve over time via software updates as the recognition algorithms improve over time. It's even possible that the laser scanner could be used for augmented reality applications, something CEO Tim Cook has been discussing at length in recent months, which could similarly be added later on via a software update.

Third-party developers might eventually even get access to a 3D scanning application programming interface (API), which has the potential to unleash a wave of innovation.

Will Touch ID join the headphone jack?

If you recall, Touch ID was based on Apple's 2012 acquisition of AuthenTec for $356 million, which itself was a clear signal that Apple was planning on integrating fingerprint sensors. Touch ID would debut the following year in 2013's iPhone 5S, and subsequently made its way throughout the iPhone portfolio. While it would be a shame to shutter Touch ID, Apple has sold 690 million total iPhones and generated nearly $450 billion in iPhone revenue since the iPhone 5S launch, so it certainly got its money worth from the acquisition since Touch ID has been a key feature that contributed to sales growth ever since.

What's more peculiar, however, is the fact that Apple only recently brought Touch ID to the Mac in last year's MacBook Pros with Touch Bar. This was widely seen as a starting point, and Apple is expected to subsequently bring Touch ID to the rest of the Mac lineup. Apple is already testing out stand-alone keyboards with Touch ID for Mac desktops, according to a Bloomberg report from December.

Instead of killing Touch ID, Apple should just supplement it with facial recognition instead of replacing it since Touch ID has become an integral part of how users interact with their devices. Until Apple's fall event, which will probably be in September as usual, we won't know if Touch ID will suffer the same fate as the headphone jack. 
2017-02-20
Why Did Buffett Buy More Apple? Introduction

Much has been said as of late about Berkshire Hathaway's (NYSE: BRK.A, BRK.B recent buying of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) - see here, here, and here) - many investors and commentators are surprised by Uncle Warren's Berkshire investment in Apple. What's more, it seems to go against his "no tech stock" mantra.

In this article we will see that by applying Berkshire Hathaway's own investment framework, buying Apple isn't such a stretch. What's more, upon further reflection, Apple appears to be a classical Buffett-type investment.

Tech Aversion

Just prior to the bursting of the 1999 internet bubble, Warren Buffett wrote an article that was published in Fortune Magazine that outlined his thesis for sitting on the sidelines. Essentially, it boils down to the following points:

Investor expectations for the "information revolution" of the internet were high, based on the revolutionary effect the internet would have on all facets of our lives.

With such high expectations came extraordinary stock valuations that were based on future events that had yet to materialize.

It was not possible, based on the information at hand, to successfully predict the winners from the losers.

Many of these internet companies had no identifiable competitive advantage (MOAT).

Buffett goes on to cite the automotive and airline industries as examples, which also revolutionized society but led to poor investor returns. Interestingly, at present, Berkshire has investments in both sectors, but that is a topic for another day.

Berkshire seemed to change its mind with IBM (NYSE:IBM) in 2011, and in 2016, with its subsequent purchase of Apple.

What has changed since Buffett first expressed his apprehension of tech stocks in 1999?

The Four Pillars of Berkshire's Investments.

In 2012, Charlie Munger gave an interview to BBC in which he discussed a wide range of topics. Of those topics discussed also commented on the four criteria him and Warren employ when thinking about investing in a business. In summary, they are:

1) We have to deal with what we are capable of understanding.

2) We look for businesses that have a durable competitive advantage.

3) We prefer a management with integrity and talent.

4) We need to pay a price that makes sense and gives us a margin of safety.

Given this, let's drill deeper into Apple.

Capable of Understanding the Business?

For most of you reading this, I don't need to tell you how Apple makes its money. Essentially, it's a consumer electronic hardware company with the majority of its revenue coming from sales of the iPhone.

Source: Apple Q1 2017 Earnings Release

What is talked about less is the services component of Apple. Currently accounting for 13% of revenue, basically, this is the revenue generated from services provided by the App Store, Apple Pay and Apple music. The revenue generated is high margin and is rapidly growing (18% year over year, as shown above)

In essence, Apple sells you a hardware product and then uses its ecosystem of services to generate recurring revenue as you use the hardware product. I think most would agree they are capable of understanding the business.

Durable Competitive Advantage?

There is no doubt that the consumer electronics space is a fiercely competitive space - if you don't destroy your own product by updating it and releasing a new version on a frequent basis, you can be sure one of your competitors will. Furthermore, one could think of consumer electronics as a commodity - generally consumers go where they get the most bang for their buck and so often the lowest cost producer will win.

How does a company build a moat in this space? The first way is via brand. I think Apple has done a great job building its brand as consumers often associate the brand with quality, design and innovation. Many Apple users are fiercely loyal to the company to the point where they sometimes become borderline annoying. Furthermore, the brand is also considered a premium product, one that confers wealth and status. Brand strength allows Apple to charge higher prices and enjoy higher margins for its "premium" product.

The astute reader will point out that margins have come under fire as of late, which implies consumers are willing to pay less of a premium. This suggests the brand moat is eroding.

Despite this, Apple has another trick up its sleeve - its services. Its services not only provide attractive business economics (low capital requirements; high margins), but they also create a switching cost for the consumer. Think about it - if you are familiar and comfortable with the App Store, subscribe to iCloud for data storage, have an Apple Music subscription, and use Apple Car Play in your daily driver, how likely are you to switch from an iPhone to an Android phone with your next purchase?

As hardware sales continue, more consumers use Apple services (driving service revenue growth) and in turn the Apple products work their way into your life. What's more, the more Apple products you use, the more these services harmonize across different platforms and the switching costs increase. Finally, the more hardware Apple sells, the greater the incentive for developers and third parties to create software for that hardware (i.e. downloadable apps via the App Store), which in turn creates greater incentive for consumers to buy the product. This virtuous cycle creates a network effect.

We can see these moats in action by looking at the historical trends of earnings growth and cash flow growth at Apple - over the last 10 years, earnings have grown 28%. This is fairly impressive, considering the cutthroat nature of the consumer electronics business.

Source: FASTGraphs

It is also important to recognize that cash flow has also been growing as well, averaging just shy of 25% over the last 10 years.

Source: FASTGraphs

The astute reader will recognize that buybacks do contribute to earnings per share/cash flow per share growth. This is true, and will be discussed more below.

Thus I believe, qualitatively and quantitatively, that Apple does have a durable competitive advantage. Moreover, as long as service revenue continues to grow this moat is increasing with time.

Does Management Have Integrity and Talent?

Admittedly, this is the most difficult question for investors to answer, as you need an understanding of the managers as people to come to a conclusion. As I do not know Tim Cook, or any of the directors personally and because I am not privy to the inside workings of Apple, I must take a different approach to answering this question.

As owners of the business, investors look for stewards that act in their best interest - I would say this constitutes integrity. One way to assess this would be to examine how shareholder friendly Apple's management is. At present, Apple does pay a small dividend (currently yielding 1.4% at the time of writing) which is relatively new as it was instituted in 2012. Although young, this dividend has grown by just over 40% over the last 5 years, which is quite impressive dividend growth.

Additionally, Apple does have a buyback program, spending $144 billion on share repurchases since 2012.

Source: Apple Return of Capital Timeline Q1 2017

Management also has an eye for value when doing buybacks, as buybacks are really only value creating for shareholders if the shares are bought back while undervalued - in essence, management is buying $1.00 for less than $1.00. Alternatively, when a stock is overvalued and management initiates a buyback, management destroys value as it buys $1.00 for more than $1.00. Apple has a history of being opportunistic and acting swiftly when management views its shares as being undervalued.

Overall, these substantial buybacks have also led to a significant decrease in the total share count outstanding. Said another way, each investor's piece of the pie is increasing, thanks to management.

Source: YCharts

Of note is that Apple also has $246 billion in cash on the books, with ~$230 billion held in overseas, tax sheltered accounts. Any repatriation of these funds could lead to a substantial value creation event for shareholders.

Does management have talent? I think the easiest way to assess this is to examine how management is incentivized and see if they met these incentives, as a strong business can compensate for a poor manager.

After failing to meet internal 2016 goals, Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, made ~20% less than he made in 2015. This failure of execution so far appears to be a one-off event, but nonetheless it bears discussing.

Thus, I think management has integrity and very likely has talent.

Price That Makes Sense, with a Margin of Safety?

This, in essence, is the valuation of Apple - as Munger says in the interview above, a wonderful company is not worth an infinite price. Using S&P Capital IQ data, a DCF yields a fair price of about $125.

From a multiple point of view, today Apple is trading at a P/E multiple of 16.22 which is at about its 10-year median of 15.38. This equates to a present earnings yield of about 6%.

From a cash flow perspective, today Apple is trading at a P/FCF multiple of 14, which is also close to its 10-year median of 12.61. This equates to a present free cash flow yield of 7%.

It is worth mentioning that Berkshire first purchased Apple shares in May of 2016, and Apple shares have appreciated by about 30% since then. The second addition - when Berkshire quadrupled its position - presumably occurred somewhere between share prices of $100-$120, in which case, Apple shares would have been slightly undervalued to fully valued. I think this purchase price makes sense, although at first glance, I do not think there is a meaningful margin of safety at these levels.

However, thinking about it more, the cash on the books accounts for about ~34% of the market cap of Apple. Perhaps this is Berkshire Hathaway's margin of safety, as this money does not generate any meaningful return for Apple or its shareholders by sitting in the bank. Said another way, if you were to buy the whole company and somehow unlock the cash in the bank, you would immediately get just over 1/3 of your money back, without having to rely on the continued operations of the company. Perhaps this is Berkshire Hathaway's margin of safety.

Putting It All Together

Thus, we can see that since Buffett wrote on tech stocks in 1999, things have changed. Apple has an easily understandable business model that has historically shown to be a winner. It can be valued based on fundamentals. It has a moat that is increasing with time. It has a management in place that appears competent with integrity.

Furthermore, the company is a cash flow machine with a ridiculous amount of cash on the books (~$46/share) that, if unlocked, would generate a tremendous return for shareholders.

Given this, with the power of hindsight, it appears that Berkshire's investment in Apple is a no-brainer.

Please feel free to let me know what you think about Berkshire's investment in Apple in the comments section below.

Thank you for reading!

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL, BRK.B, IBM.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple: 4 Realistic Scenarios Apple, Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has been on quite the tear lately, rising from an almost two-year slump to new record highs, and up virtually 50% over last May's lows. Those lows represented over a year of doubt as sales slumped over the blockbuster year of the iPhone 6/6 Plus that introduced the Plus-sized models, and a rising dollar additionally cut into revenues and margins. Today, however, after a new record in sales and revenues, the story is different.

This brings the price to just over its record of May 2015. Given that the December quarter's figures are just marginally over that of 2015, and that we now are on par price wise, it is a good time to pause and take stock of the situation.

In this article, I examine four likely scenarios for Apple's future. Each has a basic assumption on the company's trajectory that determines the outcome. In a sense, they represent a continuum, but at the same time, are distinct, particularly in their respective premises.

[Yahoo]

Two Unrealistic Scenarios

I will begin with what I believe are two unrealistic scenarios

A. Apple about to fall apart

The story for this scenario gives the following justifications:

A1 - Apple prices are too high and they cannot continue this indefinitely.

A2 - Apple has lost its ability to innovate (helps drive loss of high pricing).

A3 - New players will continue to take market share from Apple with products that are deemed equal in quality but lower in price.

A4 - The slow decline has just begun, and soon sales will fall of the cliff.

This to my mind is not at all realistic. The current quarter shows a return to growth, and the Street is looking to another surge in sales with the upcoming 10-year anniversary iPhone 8 (or "X"?). Furthermore, other revenue drivers (see scenarios 3 and 4) will drive some amount of growth.

Innovation is done at Apple

Many pundits and analysts are driving this meme. I find that those people really do not understand technology on any significant level. They may understand products, but not underlying technology, and so they focus on superficial, visual aspects of the products since they are unable to evaluate anything more profound. I have answered this in detail here: Misunderstanding Apple: The Lost Innovation meme.

Apple is criticized for following other companies which initiate some technology first, but this is frequently a specious argument since the quick-to-market implementation was flawed. The Motorola Atrix had fingerprint recognition, but it did not work well and the model was a flop. Apple came along with a robust and highly secure implementation that worked, but some people said it was not innovation, but copycat.

The same is true of Apple Pay. Sure Google Pay existed before, but Apple waited until the time was right with the Tokenization technology adopted in the banking system, and its own Touch ID/Secure Enclave hardware to secure the transactions. So anyone who believed there was no innovation here was only fooling himself.

B. Apple about to resume exponential growth.

The main drivers for this are:

B1 - The iPhone is returning to growth.

B2 - The iPhone 8 will drive a new surge.

B3 - New products are coming that will be as revolutionary as the iPhone.

This too, is not very probable, although more in the realm of possibility. First, while modest sales growth may be returning to the iPhone, even if the 8 model is a huge success and provides another "blip" in sales, the overwhelming truth is that markets overall are saturating, and the device is in a much more mature phase of the life cycle. Thus, it is unlikely that each new model with be able to present an overwhelming motivation to upgrade as happened when the product was new.

Note - this is not a sign of lack of innovation. It is merely the reality of a more mature product.

Secondly, even if Apple does come out with a wildly significant new product, given Apple's current revenue size, a new product would have to be incredibly enormous to raise revenues by even 50%, let alone double it. (The long misnamed law of large numbers.)

Finally, some revolutionary new product is a cause for concern in this prospect. I am not willing to base investment decisions on mere faith in some such hypothetical future. New products there will likely be, but their success is never assured. For example, the Apple Watch appears to be a modest success, but it hardly is a great driver of growth. I suppose a car would have a large revenue affect, but I will believe that one when I see it.

Four more reasonable views

So we see here two views, one wildly pessimistic and the other the opposite. Let's look at some other more reasonable ones.

Note:

In each case, the points listed for that particular scenario are as well the counterarguments against the other three. They are premises for the argument.

1 - Apple is beginning a slow decline

This scenario mimics the arguments of A above, but less forcefully:

1.1 - Popularity has peaked.

1.2 - Competition in China.

1.3 - All this will result in margin erosion long term.

1.4 - Innovation has ceased.

This scenario acknowledges one of Apple's greatest assets - the ecosystem. It recognizes that Apple makes good, valuable products and has a very loyal customer base.

But, as price competition increases, Apple will inevitably lose. As evidence, is the fact that Apple is losing share in China, one of its main growth areas in the past several years. This will spread with time.

Sales will not fall of a cliff, but revenues will see a slow decline as users see little reason to upgrade often, and slowly begin to desert the overpriced platform.

2 - Apple has reached stasis

This is a further moderation of #1. It states that Apple will not shrink, but neither will it grow significantly after the iPhone 8 release.

2.1 - Competition -> margin erosion.

2.2 - New products will not provide significant additional revenue.

-- Music is already topped out or near.

-- Apple Pay, Apple Watch, have not provided significant growth.

-- Augmented Reality will not be a significant revenue driver.

2.3 - Customer loyalty will hold a steady state of 2-4 year upgrades.

2.4 - Apple is still an innovative company, but limited by the reality of mature technologies.

This recognizes that the iPhone 8 may be another huge success, perhaps as great as the 6 Plus phenomenon, but there is little to drive growth after that. In fact, if the 8 does do really well, then we are likely to see another year of declining sales next year, as numbers face the same "tough comparison" situation that occurred after the 6/6 Plus spurt.

Overall, long term, the future is one of stasis, with little growth.

3 - Apple heading into slow growth

3.1 - iPhone growing again.

3.2 - iPhone 8 should provide a large bump driven by new techs.

3.3 - Services will grow modestly.

3.4 - The dollar will stabilize.

Apple's culture of innovation, design, and quality build will always keep it on top. Its smooth ecosystem will keep customers happy, and secure margins.

On the other hand, current technologies limit somewhat the potential for serious growth. There is no Apple Car coming (at least not in the immediate future), and AR may drive some growth, but that and other services will be limited.

There could be a strong surge in iPhone 8 sales, but after that, growth will be very modest. Services will also provide growth, but even if you were to add all of Netflix's (NASDAQ:NFLX) annual revenue (roughly $9B) that would only add 4% to current TTM revenue.

This scenario also suggests that the dollar will stabilize near its current level and not further reduce revenues in year-over-year comparisons.

4 - Apple moving back to moderate sustained growth

This scenario takes #3 a bit farther. The premise is that many of the negative factors of the previous year and a half are behind us.

4.1 - iPhone 8 will draw many new users.

4.2 - Services revenue will grow significantly.

4.3 - Apple watch v3 solves many issues and takes off.

4.4 - Mac and iPad resume modest growth.

The premise of 4.1 is based on reports that the new phone, the tenth anniversary model, will be a significant upgrade, including major design factors. Additionally:

a. Long battery life will be a huge winner, as has been proposed by KGI's Ming-Chi Kuo . He suggested that a significantly larger battery will be used. This combined with a more efficient processor and the reduced consumption of an OLED screen, and all together they could increase battery life by as much as 80%. This is a very large pain point for many users that would be removed.

b. The introduction of a good Augmented Reality system might be enormously popular. Tim Cook has been saying that AR is a huge development. If the idea is to make the 10th anniversary iPhone a celebratory model, then one would expect some kind of revolutionary new functionality. I imagine that Apple would offer some kind of AR app, but also a developer's platform. If so, this should be announced at the WWDC in June.

This year the Apple Watch will see its third iteration. There is speculation that it will feature LTE cellular connectivity. This and increased functionality that comes with a next generation processor could move it out of the niche category into more widespread adoption. Over time it could add a significant amount of revenue. We should remember that both the iPod and the iPhone grew slowly at first. We do not know precisely what watch sales are, but I can imagine they are a significant business to anyone but Apple.

The Mac has turned the corner. For a year it saw declining sales, but this past quarter, it returned with positive year-over-year growth, and a new record revenue. Undoubtedly, this was due to the new MacBook Pro model, a significant update with the Touch Bar technology.

While the iPad sales continue to slide, the rate of year-over-year decline is lowering. It is not likely that the iPad is going to disappear, so at some point, it will cease the decline, and potentially return to growth, however modest. The current iPad Pro has a power that matches that of most laptops. The next generation A11 processor could put it ahead of some more high-end models.

New products

There is always room for some new product that would add modestly to revenue.

Personally, I still believe that sooner or later, Apple will announce a low-end Mac based on its A-series processors. An under-$400 desktop would add a huge number of new customers. This, however, is highly speculative.

If this scenario plays out, then Apple would return to significant growth. While not the enormous growth of the early iPhone days, it would be significant, perhaps in the low teens percentage wise.

Summary

We have presented four likely scenarios and seen how each one follows from a given set of premises about Apple's business and the consumer base. The investor should think about them and decide which set of premises seems most reasonable, and from there can decide an investment strategy.

Of course, growth is not the only measure for a stock value. Previously, I discussed the value of Apple's stock repurchase program, and how it has effected EPS. In a future article, I will discuss Apple from a dividends perspective.

But other things affect any company's revenue stream, many of these external political and economic developments. This year there is a lot of uncertainty in these areas, and Apple's fortunes could be changed.

On the positive side, a lowering of taxes on repatriation of foreign earnings could be a large positive by making it economically feasible for Apple to bring some of its huge cash hoard back into the U.S.

On the other hand, there are some significant risks as well. The current President has said he has some radical plans for bringing jabs back to America. This is well and good, and an improved economy at home would be good for sales. But some of the policies could potentially lead to trade wars with various currently close partners. This would likely result in at least some period of chaos in which trade would be negatively affected, and could possible lead to very high barriers that would cut Apple sales short.

Already presidential actions have had unanticipated consequences. The immigration ban from seven countries has galvanized unexpected opposition. More importantly, it stranded many legal workers away from their work and families. There is even evidence that the trade ban has seriously curtailed tourist and business travel to the U.S., and that this could cost thousands of jobs. It is said that just the talks of a border tax has disrupted the Texas cattle market.

Rash and hasty implementation of changes in trade agreements could have a devastating effect on all areas of the U.S. and global economies. While we hope this does not happen, it certainly is a possibility that needs to be considered.

Your comments are appreciated.

Disclosure: I am/we are long AAPL.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it (other than from Seeking Alpha). I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple: Is The Smartphone Playing Field Level In China?  Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Stock is in a Bearish Divergence Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Stock is in a Bearish Divergence

Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards.

Short term: Prices are moving.

Intermediate term: Prices are trending.

Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside.

By the way, prices are vulnerable to a correction towards 126.47.

The projected upper bound is: 139.83.

The projected lower bound is: 132.64.

The projected closing price is: 136.24.

Candlesticks

A white body occurred (because prices closed higher than they opened).

During the past 10 bars, there have been 7 white candles and 3 black candles for a net of 4 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 39 white candles and 11 black candles for a net of 28 white candles.

An engulfing bullish line occurred (where a white candle s real body completely contains the previous black candle s real body). The engulfing bullish pattern is bullish during a downtrend. It then signifies that the momentum may be shifting from the bears to the bulls.

If the engulfing bullish pattern occurs during an uptrend (which appears to be the case with APPLE INC), it may be a last engulfing top which indicates a top. The test to see if this is the case is if the next candle closes below the top of the current (white) candle s real body.

Momentum Indicators

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 82.6609. This is an overbought reading. However, a signal is not generated until the Oscillator crosses below 80 The last signal was a sell 14 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 89.06. This is where it usually tops. The RSI usually forms tops and bottoms before the underlying security. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 13 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 100.This is an overbought reading. However, a signal isn t generated until the indicator crosses below 100. The last signal was a sell 1 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 17 period(s) ago.

Rex Takasugi   TD Profile

APPLE INC closed up 0.375 at 135.720. Volume was 30% below average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 132% wider than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume___

135.100 135.830 135.100 135.720 22,198,196

Technical Outlook

Short Term: Overbought

Intermediate Term: Bullish

Long Term: Bullish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 133.33 121.47 109.34

Volatility: 9 19 23

Volume: 27,311,662 29,825,748 34,228,272

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

APPLE INC is currently 24.1% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is high as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect moderate flows of volume into AAPL.O (mildly bullish). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on AAPL.O and have had this outlook for the last 47 periods. Our momentum oscillator is currently indicating that AAPL.O is currently in an overbought condition. The security price has set a new 14-period high while our momentum oscillator has not. This is a bearish divergence.

We are aware of the heightened political tensions globally, these must be monitored daily to protect your portfolio. Govt yet to take unanimous stand on Apple demands There is still no unanimity within the government over Inc s demand for various incentives to make in the country.

While the demand may be well received by the Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP), the finance ministry is yet to make up its mind on the issue.

  is favourably considering Apple s proposal for incentives this time. But these are yet to be considered by the finance ministry,  a government official said. The Cupertino-based tech giant is asking for tax concessions, including lower import and manufacturing duties, as well as relaxation in domestic sourcing norms to make in India, which were rejected by the finance ministry.

also wants to open its own stores in India.

Apple s Chief Executive had met Prime Minister Narendra Modi last year with regard to the company s plan to enter the Indian manufacturing and retail space. 
2017-02-21
Earnings Scorecard: A Closer Look At Apple Inc. Apple Inc. ($AAPL) gapped up after reporting earnings on Tuesday, January 31, 2017. This leading stock has come back to life in recent months and continues to flirt with new record highs. In the short term, the stock is clearly extended and due to pullback a bit to digest its recent rally. Here is a closer look at the company's earnings.

Earnings Scorecard:

In Q4 2016, Apple earned $3.36 per share on revenue of $78.4 billion. The Street's estimate was $3.22 per share on revenue of $77 billion. The Whisper number was $3.23/share. Apple continues to fire on all cylinders.

Company Profile & Various Businesses:

Here is a short company profile and description of the various businesses courtesy of my friends at Thomson Reuters Eikon:

Apple Inc., incorporated on January 3, 1977, designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers and portable digital music players. The Company sells a range of related software, services, accessories, networking solutions and third-party digital content and applications. The Company's segments include the Americas, Europe, Greater China, Japan and Rest of Asia Pacific. The Americas segment includes both North and South America. The Europe segment includes European countries, India, the Middle East and Africa. The Greater China segment includes China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. The Rest of Asia Pacific segment includes Australia and the Asian countries not included in the Company's other operating segments. The Company's products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple Watch, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, iPhone OS (iOS), OS X and watchOS operating systems, iCloud, Apple Pay and a range of accessory, service and support offerings.

Competition:

Apple competes with Microsoft, Samsung, Sony, HP, IBM, Cisco, Nokia, Motorola, Alphabet, among others.

Pay Attention To How The Stock Reacts To The News:

From where I sit, the most important trait I look for during earnings season is how the market and a specific company reacts to the news. Remember, always keep your losses small and never argue with the tape.

Want A Private Portfolio Consultant? You Don't Have To Feel Alone In The Market, There Is A Better Way: Learn More Apple Inc. Reportedly Prepping 3 New iPhones for March Launch Per a new report from Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL)-centric website Macotakara (via MacRumors), Apple is prepping a couple of "new" iPhone models. The first is a variant of the company's relatively low-cost, small-screen iPhone SE with 128 gigabytes of storage (current models come with either 16 or 64 gigabytes of storage).

Additionally, Apple is reportedly planning to add new red variants of both the iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus to its lineup.

Let's take a closer look at what these new products could potentially do for the company's iPhone business.

The new iPhone SE could help boost blended average selling prices...or unit shipments

On Apple's April 2016 earnings call, company CEO Tim Cook explained that the iPhone SE "is attracting two types of customers."

The first set, he explained, are "customers that wanted the latest technology but wanted it in a more compact package."

"We clearly see even more people than we thought in that category," Cook added.

The second set of potential iPhone SE customers, per Cook, were individuals "who aspire to own an iPhone but couldn't quite stretch to the entry price of the iPhone, and we've established a new entry [with the iPhone SE]."

The iPhone SE with 16 gigabytes of storage currently sells for $399, with the 64-gigabyte version coming in at $449; the iPhone 6s with 32 gigabytes of storage sells for $549.

With this rumored 128-gigabyte iPhone SE, Apple has two potential ways to try to boost revenue.

The first is that it can simply ax the 16-gigabyte iPhone SE model and offer the 64-gigabyte version at the $399 price point and the 128-gigabyte variant at the $449 price point that the 64-gigabyte version currently occupies.

That course of action has the potential to reduce blended average selling prices (perhaps as mix shifts down to the $399 64-gigabyte version), but it could also boost overall unit demand as value-oriented customers may be more inclined to grab an iPhone.

Alternatively, Apple could simply add the 128-gigabyte iPhone SE to the current lineup and charge, perhaps $549 for it. This might not stimulate a lot more unit demand, but it could have the effect of getting the portion of the iPhone SE-buying population that is buying the iPhone SE for form factor and not for cost reasons to buy a richer mix of products, helping to boost blended average selling prices.

It'll be interesting to see what Apple's ultimate go-to-market strategy will be for this product -- assuming it's real.

iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus in rouge

Apple has been steadily adding new color choices to its iPhone lineup over the years. In 2013, Apple introduced gold, in 2015 we got rose gold, and in 2016 we got black and jet black. It's looking as though we're getting red this year.

It's not clear how much impact bringing red color models into the lineup will have on overall sales; after all, are there truly potential customers out there that haven't purchased a new iPhone but totally would have purchased an iPhone if only it had come in red?

For what it's worth, in a poll run by 9to5Mac, 106 voters out of a total of 15,558 said that they were most excited about a red option coming to the iPhone 8 -- losing to all other potential options except for "speed improvements."

We'll see if the introduction of red iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus has any real impact on iPhone sales soon enough, if this rumor turns out to be true. Analysts Lift Price Target on Apple Inc. (AAPL), Trim on Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Morgan Stanley and Stifel are out with confident standpoints on Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Ambarella Inc (NASDAQ:AMBA). However, while one analyst sees fit to boost the price target on Apple even amid rising apprehension regarding China performance drag, another analyst cuts just slightly the price target on Ambarella ahead of fiscal fourth-quarter results due next week. Let s dive in:

Apple s Bullish Side of the China Spectrum

Morgan Stanley analyst Kathryn Huberty is seeing a different side of the China coin when it comes to Apple concerns. Therefore, not only does Huberty maintain a bullish perspective on the tech giant amid naysayers predicting China drag on results, the analyst reiterates an Overweight rating on AAPL while lifting the price target from $150 to $154, which represents a just under 13% increase from where the shares last closed.

In fact, the analyst anticipates China will  contribute outsized growth  in the fiscal year of 2018, leading her to raise her 2018 iPhone projection to $260 million. Huberty expects a base case of 72 million iPhone shipped in China during the fiscal year of 2018, which marks a 27 million increase from the present run-rate. Juxtaposed against the Street, the analyst is more bullish, as the Street expects a 19 million global iPhone unit surge during fiscal 2018, which she believes points to  meaningful upside.  Though the analyst s expectations outperform consensus of 241 million, she boosts them further to 260 million, which subsequently raises her EPS to $11, also ahead of consensus of $10.13. This estimate assumes 21% year-over-year growth and falls accordingly in the low-end of the 20 to 30% growth range Huberty has detected from supply chain checks.

Overall,  Our detailed analysis of aged iPhones, loyalty rates, and purchase intention share for different smartphone brands in China leads us to believe there are two key drivers to growth in FY18. First, a much larger base of aged iPhones sets up for significant upgrades. 2015 was a blockbuster year for iPhone adoption in China. It was the first year that a revolutionary iPhone was available on the China Mobile network, the largest in China. As a result, the upgradeable base of iPhone users, which we measure as iPhones purchased two years ago more than doubles from the last supercycle (iPhone 6). Even after applying Apple s 74% retention rate [ ] expected upgrades of 43M double from 2016. Second, counter to market belief our analysis suggests Apple is positioned to take net users from local Chinese smartphone brands. In fact, our survey work suggests one in five local Chinese branded smartphone users will switch to iPhone upon their next purchase,  Huberty surmises.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, five-star analyst Kathryn Huberty is ranked #316 out of 4,490 analysts. Huberty has a 63% success rate and realizes 11.7% in her yearly returns. When suggesting AAPL, Huberty yields 23.0% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics show AAPL as a Strong Buy. Based on 35 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 28 rate a Buy on AAPL while 7 maintain a Hold. The 12-month average price target stands at $141.55, marking a nearly 4% upside from where the stock is currently trading.

Ambarella: Price Target Reduced Ahead of 4Q Earnings

Top analyst Kevin Cassidy at Stifel still anticipates Ambarella will deliver a standout performance next Tuesday, February 28th. However, Cassidy predicts amid industry checks that high-end revenue guidance is on the horizon. Ahead of the fiscal fourth-quarter print, the analyst reiterates a Buy rating on shares of AMBA while reducing the price target from $84 to $82, which represents an almost 48% increase from where the stock is currently trading.

For the fiscal fourth quarter, the analyst looks for an outclass with a surge in earnings. Additionally, the analyst expects the chip maker to post revenue circling the top of outlook for $84 million to $87 million.

 Based on our industry checks, certain drone production issues were resolved during the January quarter. Also, SONY s CMOS sensor production constraints for high performance cameras have returned to full production capacity. We have pulled forward drone-related revenue from the 1QFY18 to 4QFY17. Additionally we reduced our expectations for 4K video broadband infrastructure build out though our estimates remain above consensus. What we believe will be most important during this quarter s report is management s commentary on its Computer Vision (CV) SoC progress. We see CV as transforming Ambarella from a video SoC player that has enabled many new video applications to a leader in artificial intelligence for security and wearable cameras, drones and automobiles. We continue recommending the AMBA shares for its growth in video markets and artificial intelligence future,  Cassidy contends.

Kevin Cassidy has a very good TipRanks score with a 73% success rate and a high ranking of #43 out of 4,456 analysts. Cassidy garners 24.4% in his annual returns. When recommending AMBA, Cassidy gains 23.6% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate AMBA as a Buy. Out of 8 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 5 are bullish on Ambarella stock and 3 remain sidelined. With a return potential of nearly 33%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $73.67. Apple's Appeal To Reason  Glimpse into Apple Inc. (AAPL), Universal Display Corporation (OLED), and the ... Cowen is weighing in on the rumored iPhone 8 model from a bullish standpoint on both Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) as well as Universal Display Corporation (NASDAQ:OLED). While one analyst explores the multi-faceted features heavily anticipated for the higher-end edition, another analyst elaborates on how this not only brings a positive riptide for Apple, but also for Universal Display, as display technology is about to light up the tech-verse. Let s take a closer look:

Setting Apple iPhone X Expectations

Cowen analyst Timothy Arcuri is spotlighting Apple as he delves into a sneak peek of what to expect with the illustrious tenth anniversary iPhone model, the  iPhone X  factor anticipated for a release this year.

Not only does the analyst see advantage for Apple investors, reiterating an Outperform rating on shares of AAPL with a $135 price target, but he likewise sees positives for QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM) thanks to Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) delivering the tech giant a baseband modem for the iPhone, as well as for Broadcom Ltd (NASDAQ:AVGO) in regards to wireless charging chips.

However, while Arcuri believes 2017 will certainly be the year of the iPhone X, he warns the rumormongers buzzing about a prospective early launch that though the giant has started to place orders,  Our field work continues to support a feature-rich launch w/three models (5.8  in addition to existing 4.7/5.5  in terms of panel sizes), but no signs of an early launch this year. 

Moreover, the analyst expects a new design to excite the Street with many holding out expectations for a revamped model, including new AMOLED display technology.  We continue to see a  wraparound  design using  fixed flex  screen from Samsung as the PCB appears to be only 5.1-5.2  . The PCB itself would be higher-end, substrate-like, and thinner, however with low yield which is a contributing factor to the uncertainty around the ultimate SKUs, how many will use OLED, etc. The panel choice for the other two models is still keyed to two main factors: 1) Samsung s ability to supply 100MM OLED screens in  17 (not a concern of ours) and 2) more significantly, digestion of current LCD inventory for which AAPL has already pre-paid,  asserts Arcuri.

In addition to wireless charging, with Arcuri pointing to AVGO as APPL s resource for IC, he dashes hopes for end-to-end display, contending,  Relative to under-glass fingerprint sensors, our checks indicate no breakthrough so far (capacitive ones can t sense through a full thickness cover glass of 500+ microns). 

For this reason, though many new high-end features await with the release of the iPhone X, the analyst does not believe a bezel-free design with Touch ID integration beneath the glass or active display area will be part of the exciting bundle in this forthcoming edition.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Timothy Arcuri is ranked #124 out of 4,456 analysts. Arcuri has a 67% success rate and garners 16.6% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Arcuri gains 27.4% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Out of 35 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 28 are bullish on Apple stock while 7 remain sidelined. With a return potential of 4%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $141.55.

Buy Universal Display Shares on Dips

Cowen analyst Robert Stone might have reigned in profit projections on Universal Display, but considering 2019 guidance with regards to revenue from television and mobile devices, he believes display technology is about to take center stage. Particularly thanks to Apple iPhone X buzz, the Chinese display maker stands to benefit from the first ever foray into AMOLED display technology in place of the customary LCD display.

As such, the analyst reiterates an Outperform rating on OLED while boosting the price target from $75 to $90, which represents a just under 25% increase from where the shares last closed.

IHS, a research firm, predicts capital spending is about to rain dollars on displays, boosting 2015 s $7 billion up by $10 billion this year alone. Moreover, display glass in square meters prepares to rise 46% for 2017 and 66% by next year, which denotes a 27% surge from 2016. Why? The Apple X factor is inciting other firms to jump on aboard to try to be secondary sources, causing production to step up. Additionally, these companies also see reasons to produce more big-screen televisions.

Nonetheless, though Stone sees full steam ahead for OLED and has lifted his price target, he cautiously pulls back revenue estimates as new mobile AMOLED producers learn how to grasp what this fresh technology will entail; and how this will trickle down in terms of licensing as well as royalties for the Chinese display maker.

 We reduced 2017-19E revenue to $250MM, $335MM, and $410MM (vs. prior $260MM, $340MM and $415MM). We eliminated host material, and reduced 2017-18E license and royalty based on ramp timing for non-Samsung capacity. We model a 2016-20E revenue CAGR of 25%, 27% for materials and 23% for licensing, as we expect new capacity and new entrants to start out at lower yields. We now model 2017-19E EPS of $1.46, $2.62, and $3.52 (vs. prior $1.57, $2.65, and $3.54. Our new $90 PT (up from $75) implies a P/E of 25.6x 2019E EPS, and a PEG of 0.75x (vs. 41% net margin),  concludes Stone, who leaves investors with a last morsel of advice:  buy on dips. 

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, Robert Stone is ranked #4,136 out of 4,456 analysts. Stone has a 39% success rate and loses 5.7% in his yearly returns. However, when recommending OLED, Stone earns 20.0% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate OLED as a Buy. Based on 2 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 1 rates a Buy on OLED stock while 1 maintains a Hold. The 12-month average price target stands at $90.00, marking a nearly 25% upside from where the stock is currently trading. Is Apple A Good Investment At Over USD 700 Billion?  Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) might soon launch Apple Pay in Germany and Italy Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) might soon launch its Apple Pay service in Germany and Italy.

Story continues below

New documents available on the company s website suggest that the company is preparing to bring its mobile payment and digital wallet service to Germany and Italy. Those documents were discovered Polish website iMagazine, 9to5Mac reported.

Apple Pay, which lets users make payments using the iPhone, Apple Watch-compatible devices, iPad, and Mac, is not available in a number of countries. Currently, people in only 13 countries can use this service.

iMagazine found a new About Apple Pay page in both German and Italian languages. On each page, there is a screenshot showing a city for its respective country. The Germany page shows Frankfurt, while the Italy page shows Verona, according to the report.

Moreover, there are Italian language and German language translations of the list of Apple Pay banks website. However, there aren t any banks listed for either country, the report said.

Apple is said to be holding a press event next month. The company could reveal details its Apple Pay launch plans at the event

Meanwhile, Apple announced that it expanded Apple Pay to two additional banks in Australia.

The company updated its list of banks to include both ING Direct and Macquarie. Both banks now support Apple Pay in-store, in-app, and online.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Tuesday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Tesla Inc (TSLA) and Amazon.com, Inc ... U.S. stock futures are pointing to an extension of Wall Street s record run, as traders come back refreshed from the President s Day break. Home Depot Inc (NYSE: HD ) is up on strong earnings results, while Wal-Mart Stores Inc s (NYSE: WMT ) earnings are waiting in the wings. Meanwhile, the Markit February preliminary purchasing managers  manufacturing and services indexes are on tap later this morning.

Against this backdrop, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average are up 0.29%, with S&P 500 futures adding 0.18% and Nasdaq-100 futures up 0.17%.

On the options front, volume remained brisk on Friday with about 18.6 million calls and 16.1 million puts changing hands on the session. Over on the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio arrived at 0.59, while the 10-day moving average dropped to a two-month low of 0.63.

Turning to Friday s volume leaders, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) hit fresh all-time-high territory on Friday, following a new data on Apple Pay s acceptance at U.S. retailers. Elsewhere, Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA ) is seeing renewed call activity ahead of this Wednesday s quarterly earnings report and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) tagged a new all-time high on Friday, joining the rest of the so-called  FANG  stocks in record territory.

Apple Inc. (AAPL)

Forget about iPhones and iPads, the new driver for AAPL stock is services. On Friday, a report emerged that one of those services, Apple Pay, is now accepted by 36% of U.S. retailers, with another 22% expected to start accepting the service in the next 12 months. The narrative on Apple Pay has only grown more bullish since CEO Tim Cook s statement that Apple Pay transactions were up 500% year-over-year in the most recent fiscal quarter.

AAPL options traders jumped on the report, sending more than 920,000 contracts across the tape on the shares. Furthermore, calls accounted for an above average 67% of the day s take. AAPL may be trading near all-time highs, but that hasn t stopped options traders from setting their sights even higher, with more than 36,000 call contracts open at the March $140 strike and another 8,500 at the $145 strike.

With AAPL breaking through peak March call OI at $135 on Friday, look for options traders to adjust their targets even higher, resulting in another round of heavy call activity this week.

Next Page IPOs Are Buzzy But Do They Live Up to The Hype? Our brains are wired to like new things, even when they aren t necessarily better than the old. In the world of investing, nothing is newer or can generate more excitement than an initial public offering commonly referred to as an IPO. There s a lot of buzz surrounding IPOs and speculation runs rampant as to who will be the next company to file and when.

IPOs that usually create the most buzz are often well-known brands experiencing rapid sales growth in newer industries. Think companies like

Fitbit Inc (NYSE: FIT GoPro Inc (NASDAQ: GPRO Facebook Inc (NASDAQ: FB , or. Shares for headline generating IPOs can be oversubscribed, meaning demand is much greater than supply for the new shares. This may cause the price to rise when the newly issued stock first begins trading on the exchange. On the other hand, if the supply of shares is much greater than demand, the stock price can rapidly decline.

While you might think you re buying the next Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) or Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT), there s also a chance you re buying the next Fitbit (FIT) or drkoop.com. In case you re wondering, things didn t end very well for investors in drkoop.com s IPO, which reached a valuation of more than $1 billion following its 1999 IPO. Drkoop.com was eventually sold for $186,000 in bankruptcy court in 2002. Fitbit investors fared slightly better, but shares have still declined approximately 70% from its IPO price of $20.00 as the company s sales growth and profitability declined. Not a total wash but to put that into perspective, take a look at the S&P 500 (SPX) which returned almost 10% during the same time period.

The Next FIT or The Next AMZN?

Investing in IPOs comes with different risks than investing in an established publicly traded company since they are frequently newer companies in younger industries, (and they don t have the trading history of older, more established publicly traded companies, which helps when conducting research). Once public, the company s new shareholders may have different ideas how the company should be run, media scrutiny usually increases, there s greater oversight and regulations from the SEC, and new investors have high expectations for the company s future growth.

Fitbit, GoPro and Twitter are just some examples of hot IPOs that haven t lived up to their hype. Many analysts were optimistic about the growth of each company, but the investors who bought these companies when they first became publicly traded have experienced large negative returns and underperformed the S&P 500.

There have been IPOs that generated substantial returns, but it d take nerves of steel to have bought Amazon, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL), or Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT) and not sold your shares. Just check out Amazon s stock chart in Figure 2 below. Some of the most successful IPOs have also been some of the most volatile. Investors in Apple saw the stock price plunge 71% in 2000 and 57% in 2008 (the S&P 500 only declined 9% in 2000 and 36% in 2008). Microsoft has earned its investors substantial returns since its 1986 IPO, but they had to hold on tight when the stock price declined almost 70% from the beginning of 2000 to the end of 2008.

Caveat Emptor: Buyer Beware

Like any investment, it s a good idea to research it to make sure it aligns with your financial goals. This isn t always the case, but newer companies in unproven industries could require more research to fully understand the business and risks.

This is by no means an exhaustive list, but these are some things to consider before investing in an IPO:

Read the SEC Form S-1. This must be filed for a company to register its securities before they can be listed on a public exchange. It provides a detailed look at the business, financial statements, potential risks and how the company plans on using the proceeds from the offering. You ll also find out important information like what type of shares are going to be available for purchase. More companies are issuing multiple classes of stock that concentrate voting power in the hands of a small number of owners. Check the lock-up period. Many companies compensate their teams with large stock awards. Lock-up periods usually last 90 to 180 days and prevent employees and other insiders from selling their stock when the company goes public. The stock can be much more volatile depending on lock-up restrictions. These aren t always set in stone either. Fitbit lifted lock-up restrictions on 2 million shares early and announced an offering of 21 additional shares not long after its IPO. The stock declined 10% in after-hours trading following the news. Fear of Missing Out? It s easy to get excited by the buzz surrounding an IPO, but remember you don t need to buy the stock immediately. If you wait several quarters, you ll be able to examine additional financial statements to see how the company is growing and management is spending the money it raised.

All investments have different risks that should be considered, and IPOs are no exception. It can be tough, but don t let the hype influence your research. When your emotions get in the way, it s easier to ignore all the things that could make that exciting IPO fizzle.

For more information about IPOs check out TD Ameritrade's Investment Products page.

Posted-In: Analyst Color Long Ideas Education Short Ideas IPOs Markets Tech Trading Ideas

  2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Big News: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) could launch new iPad Pro, red iPhone 7 in ... Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is expected to new iPad Pro lineup, a new iPhone with color, and a 128GB iPhone SE in March, according to a report from c (via MacWorld).

Story continues below

The report suggests that the iPhone maker is preparing to host an event in March with its new iPad Pro lineup in the starring role. The Cupertino-based tech giant will reportedly introduce new 7.9-inch and 10.5-inch models, as well as refresh the existing 9.7-inch and 12.9-inch iPad Pros.

The 7.9-inch iPad Pro is said to come with a Smart Connector, True Tone display, and a 12-megapixel rear-facing camera which will be standard features across the whole line.

The 10.5-inch iPad Pro could be an entirely different device. According to the report, it will have an edge-to-edge display without a Home button. However, it would still have a top bezel for the front-facing camera.

Earlier rumors suggest that the 12.9-inch and 10.5-inch models will feature a faster A10X processor, with the 9.7-inch version keeping the A9X chip. However, we did not hear about features the 7.9-inch will pack.

Further, the report from Mac Otakara claims that Apple will launch a new iPhone color this spring. The company will reportedly announce the availability of the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in red color.

Moreover, the report claims that the iPhone SE may get a 128GB storage option. Currently, the 16GB and 64GB versions of this smallest iPhone are available.

Rumors also suggest that new Apple Watch bands will also be announced at the spring event.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. 3 Stocks to Watch on Monday: Home Depot Inc (HD), Kraft Heinz Co (KHC) and ... Traders are being met with a host of retail earnings reports to start the holiday-shortened week. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT ) is up solidly on its latest report, while Macy s Inc (NYSE: M ) is extending its month-long rebound.

Today, another retailer   Home Depot Inc (NYSE: HD )   is on our list of stocks to watch thanks to its own earnings report, but we ll also look at Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ), Kraft Heinz Co (NASDAQ: KHC ), which made noise on the M&A front.

Home Depot Inc (HD)

HD shares were up in Tuesday s early trading thanks to an easy beat on the earnings front, and better-than-expected revenues to boot.

For its fourth quarter, Home Depot reported adjusted profits of $1.44 per share, a dime better than the consensus estimate. HD s top-line beat wasn t as dramatic, but revs of $22.21 billion were enough to beat the mark of $21.8 billion. That came on comparable-store sales that improved by 5.8%, well ahead of expectations for 3.7%.

The company also projected revenue and comps growth of 4.6% for full-year 2017, as well as the opening of six new stores.

Dividend investors had plenty to cheer about, too, as the quarterly payout on HD stock was hiked by 29% to 89 cents per share. That came alongside the announcement that Home Depot would raise its target dividend payout ratio from 50% to 55% of net earnings.

Home Depot also replaced its previous share repurchase program with a new $15 billion plan.

HD stock is up 2% in Tuesday s premarket trade.

Apple Inc. (AAPL)

AAPL made an acquisition over the weekend that could change microtechnology as we know it.

The tech giant closed a deal to bring in the services of RealFace, an Israeli company based out of Tel Aviv that develops facial recognition software. Apple bought the cybersecurity firm for an estimated $2 million, according to Times of Israel.

RealFace s technology combines artificial intelligence with a human element that is integrated into the software. The move could mean that future smartphone and other smart Apple devices will come equipped with facial recognition technology that will ensure thieves are unable to steal your information or get inside your phone.

Next Page EOD Risers: American Express Company, Apple Inc., Boeing Co, Caterpillar Inc ... The stock price for American Express Company with ticker code: (NYSE:AXP) a services company, gained 0.25% or 0.2 points during the course of yesterday s session. Traders remained optimistic throughout the session. The high for the day peaked at 79.78 and a low of 78.9. The average number of shares exchanged is 4,503,127. The 52 week high is 80.1 which is 0.59 points difference from the previous COB and the 52 week low at 53.56 which is a difference of 25.95 points. American Express Company now has a 20 moving average of 78.3 and the 50 day moving average now at 77.01. The stock closed on 79.71. The market cap now stands at $73,138.52bn. The stock is traded in USD. Mcap is measured in USD.

Stock in Apple Inc. ticker lookup code: (NASDAQ:AAPL) a company that designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications, increased 0.28% or 0.38 points throughout yesterday s trading day. Investors remained optimistic throughout the trading day. The high for the day peaked at 135.83 and hitting a low of 135.1. The average shares exchanged is 31,151,900. A 52 week high for the stock is 136.27 which is 0.92 points difference from the previous days close and putting the 52 week low at 89.47 which is a variance of 45.88 points. Apple Inc. now has a 20 SMA of 129.27 and also a 50 day SMA of 122.71. The stock closed on 135.72. The current market cap is $714,033.31bn. All share prices mentioned for this stock are traded in USD. Mcap is measured in USD.

The stock price for Boeing Co company symbol: (NYSE:BA) an aerospace firm, moved up 1.11% or 1.9 points throughout yesterday s trading day. Traders were a positive bunch throughout the session. Range high for the day saw 173.25 while the low for the day was 170.4. The the average number of shares traded daily is 3,628,206. A 52 week high for the stock is 173.25 some 2.44 points in difference on the previous days close and a 52 week low being 112.51 which is a difference of 58.3 points. Boeing Co has a 20 SMA of 167.05 and also a 50 day moving average at 162.02. The stock closed on 172.71. The market cap now stands at $106,957.86bn. The share price is in USD. Mcap is measured in USD.

The stock price for Caterpillar Inc. ticker lookup code: (NYSE:CAT) a manufacturer of construction and mining equipment, diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines and diesel-electric locomotives, gained 0.6% or 0.59 points during the course of yesterday s session. Investors stayed positive while the stock was in play. The day high touched 98.95 dropping as low as 97.54. The daily average for shares traded sits at 4,609,969. The stock 52 week high is 99.46 equating to 1.2 points in different to the previous days close of business and a 52 week low sitting at 63.07 a difference of some 35.19 points. Caterpillar Inc. has a 20 day moving average of 96.93 and now its 50 day moving average now of 95.48. The stock closed on 98.85. Market capitalisation for the company is $58,181.69bn. Share price is traded in USD. Mcap is measured in USD.

Shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. company symbol: (NASDAQ:CSCO) a company that designs and sells a range of products, provides services and delivers integrated solutions to develop and connect networks around the world, increased 0.42% or 0.14 points by the close of business yesterday. Traders stayed positive during the session. The days high reached 33.77 while the low for the day was 33.43. The daily average number of shares exchanged is just 22,421,460. A 52 week share price high is 33.97 some 0.37 points in difference on the previous days close and a 52 week low being 25.65 which is a variance of 7.95 points. Cisco Systems, Inc. now has a 20 SMA of 31.67 and now the 50 day simple moving average now at 30.99. The stock closed on 33.74. The market cap now stands at $170,072.40bn. The stock is traded in USD. Mcap is measured in USD. Stock Price of Apple Inc. (AAPL) Increases 2.72% Apple Inc.s chart and data analysis indicates that the stock price has rallied 21.41% in the past 12 Weeks , but analyzing the 6 month charts for the stock , the price continues to stay positive and keep the rally at 25.98% . Looking at the past 52 week period, the stock price is up at 41.32% . Relative price strength is a important factor used by wealth management firms while investing in stocks because the indicator compares the stock performance with the overall market. The relative price strength of Apple Inc. has a positive value of 6.27 compared to overall market.Based on the Stock Research the Relative Strength Index signal is in over bought territory with a range of 89.57.

For the current week, the company shares have a recommendation consensus of Buy. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has climbed 2.72% in the past week and advanced 13.1% in the last 4 weeks. In the past week, the company has outperformed the S&P 500 by 1.19% and the outperformance has advanced to 9.26% for the last 4 weeks period.

Stock Research Financial Advisors from Investment Banking firms have advised their client and investors on the stock.Company shares were Reiterated by Goldman on Feb 13, 2017 to Buy, Raises Price Target to $ 150 from a previous price target of $133 .Company shares were Reiterated by Mizuho on Feb 1, 2017 to Buy, Raises Price Target to $ 135 from a previous price target of $130 .Company shares were Reiterated by RBC Capital Mkts on Feb 1, 2017 to Outperform, Raises Price Target to $ 140 from a previous price target of $125 .Apple was Reiterated by Maxim Group on Jan 31, 2017 to Buy, Lowers Price Target to $ 164 from a previous price target of $173 .Apple was Downgraded by Barclays on Jan 24, 2017 to Equal Weight, Lowers Price Target to $ 117 from a previous price target of $119 .

Apple Last issued its quarterly earnings results on Jan 31, 2017. The company reported $3.36 EPS for the quarter, beating the analyst consensus estimate by $ 0.14. Analyst had a consensus of $3.22. The company had revenue of $78351.00 million for the quarter, compared to analysts expectations of $77258.90 million. The companys revenue was up 3.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $3.28 EPS.

Company has reported several Insider transactions to the SEC, on Feb 7, 2017, Johny Srouji (Senior Vice President) sold 16,538 shares at 129.96 per share price.On Feb 3, 2017, D Bruce Sewell (SVP, Genl Counsel, Secretary) sold 75,000 shares at 128.43 per share price.On Feb 3, 2017, Arthur D Levinson (director) sold 2,580 shares at 127.99 per share price.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rose 0.28% or 0.375 points on Friday and made its way into the gainers of the day. After trading began at $135.1 the stock was seen hitting $135.83 as a peak level and $135.1 as the lowest level. The stock ended up at $135.72. The daily volume was measured at 22,198,197 shares. The 52-week high of the share price is $136.27 and the 52-week low is $89.47. The company has a market cap of $712,060 million.

Apple Inc. is engaged in designing, manufacturing and marketing mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players. The Companys products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and Mac OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a range of accessory, service and support offerings. It sells its products worldwide through its online stores, its retail stores, its direct sales force, third-party wholesalers, and resellers. Apple Inc. is headquartered in Cupertino, California. 
2017-02-22
Intel Corporation's 5G Apple Inc. iPhone Opportunity Microprocessor giant Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) surprised many when it was revealed that it had won a significant portion of the cellular modem orders for Apple's (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone 7 series smartphones.

The company's public commentary suggests that this isn't just a proverbial flash in the pan, either -- Intel seems to have the iPhone 8 (or whatever Apple calls the follow-on devices to this year's iPhone 7 series) as well as the follow-on to that in the bag.

In this article, I'd like to go over why I think there's an opportunity for Intel to gain dollar content share at Apple with the 2018 iPhone.

The shift to 5G

Both Intel and wireless chip giant Qualcomm both intend to sample 5G modems in 2017 with commercial shipments beginning in 2018.

To my knowledge, both companies' 5G modem solutions will require separate 4G LTE modems (either as discrete parts or integrated in the smartphone applications processor) for phones implementing the 5G solution to work on today's 4G networks.

Apple was late to adopt LTE relative to some of its peers in the smartphone market, but given that Apple has "grown up" quite a bit from a technical perspective (substantially higher research and development budget) and the industry has gotten much more competitive (forcing Apple to try to adopt cutting-edge technology for its devices), it may be one of the first to deploy 5G modems.

Intel's opportunity

Should Apple choose to adopt 5G functionality in its 2018 iPhone models, this could be a solid win for Intel's cellular modem business.

Indeed, if Intel goes from selling a single LTE baseband (and associated components) to selling both an LTE baseband as well as a 5G modem (and any additional components), then it makes sense that the chipmaker's dollar content per iPhone could increase.

Given that Intel's only significant exposure to the large smartphone chip market is via the sale of cellular modems to Apple, a big boost in dollar content at Apple should mean a big boost in the revenue -- and ultimately profits -- that Intel can harvest from the smartphone market.

A big step for Intel's modem business, a small step for Intel in total

Intel is an extremely large company, generating nearly $60 billion in revenue during 2016. Intel's revenue run rate from sales of modems to Apple is likely in the ballpark of $1 billion per year (assume $10 per modem, 100 million iPhone units with Intel modems sold per year).

If Intel were to see its dollar content rise by 50%, then roughly $1 billion in annual sales becomes $1.5 billion; a doubling of dollar content would mean that $1 billion in annual sales goes up to $2 billion.

Of course, Intel is already investing significantly to develop these cellular modems, so the more revenue that the company can wring out of those investments, the better. However, any potential revenue growth from additional dollar content in a future iPhone isn't going to be a game changer for Intel stock.

To put things into perspective, though, few things have the potential to move the needle for Intel stock -- what the company needs to do (and has been doing) is looking to capitalize on as many reasonably sized opportunities as possible in the hopes that, in aggregate, they add up to enough additional revenue to deliver revenue growth even as its largest business (personal computer processors) declines. Could Apple Inc. (AAPL) Be The First Ever $1 Trillion Company? InvestorPlace - Stock Market News, Stock Advice & Trading Tips

I stumbled across a prediction last week that would impress even Mad Money's Jim Cramer.

According to a recent report from Oxfam, an international charitable organization, Bill Gates has a shot at becoming the world's first trillionaire. Oxfam speculates that if the returns on the tech mogul's $75 billion fortune in the next 25 years are similar to those in the last 25 years, Gates has a shot at jumping the $1 trillion mark.

That got me thinking, if one man has a shot at becoming a trillionaire, certainly one of the S&P 500  s biggest companies has a shot at becoming the world's first $1 trillion company?

Turns out, a few do.

I see five S&P 500 companies with a shot at breaking the $1 trillion mark in the next five years.

- Facebook Inc ( FB ) is the smallest company on the list with a market cap of $386 billion. Facebook's share price would need to hit $345, up 159%.

- Amazon.com, Inc. ( AMZN ) has a market cap of $400 billion. Shares would need to hit $1,980, up 125%.

- Microsoft Corporation ( MSFT ) has a market cap of $498 billion. Shares would need to hit $130, up 100%.

- Alphabet Inc ( GOOG ) is currently worth $570 billion. Shares would need to hit $1,431, up 70%.

I believe every one of these companies will eventually be worth $1 trillion. However, one other company will beat them all to it.

Thanks to a variety of factors, Apple Inc. ( AAPL ) is set to become the first $1 trillion company in the world in the next five years.

The company has been on a roll. After beating fourth-quarter earnings by 4%, shares just hit a new all-time high above $135.

That gives Apple a market cap of $710 billion, making it the largest company in the S&P 500. It has also placed Apple within striking distance of the $1 trillion mark. Shares of Apple would only need to climb 50% to $200 to give it a market cap of $1 trillion.

That is well within reach.

If its current valuation stayed the same, Apple would need to grow earnings by 8% annually in the next five years to hit that target. As it stands, Apple is expected to grow earnings by 8% this year and another 13% in 2018. Those two years alone get Apple almost half way to 50% earnings growth.

But even if Apple's earnings grow slower than expected, it has an ace up its sleeve.

Apple Has $246 Billion In Cash On Its Balance Sheet

Apple's cash position is larger than the GDP of most countries. In recent fourth-quarter results, Apple's reported a cash position of $246 billion. Some of that cash is already accounted for in Apple's $700 billion valuation. But not all of it.

Using as little as half of its cash balance to repurchase shares adds another $125 billion to Apple's market cap.

Apple's Is One Of The Most Undervalued Stocks In The S&P 500

Apple is one of the most undervalued stocks in the S&P 500. Its forward P/E ratio of 15 is a discount to the S&P 500s 20. That lower valuation exists despite the fact that Apple is projected to grow earnings faster than the S&P 500 in the next five years.

Technically speaking that means Apple should be trading with a higher P/E ratio than the S&P 500. If Apple traded with the same P/E ratio as the S&P 500, shares would shares would climb 25%, giving Apple a market cap of $887 billion.

Warren Buffett Just Made A Huge Investment In Apple

Apple's pursuit of the $1 trillion threshold has attracted the attention of the world's greatest investor. In recent regulatory filings, Berkshire revealed it had quadrupled its ownership in Apple to 57 million shares. Buffett's stake was worth approximately $6.6 billion at the end of 2016.

With shares of Apple already up 17% on the year, Buffett has pocketed a quick $1.1 billion gain in less than six weeks.

Risks To Consider: Apple has struggled to launch new hits in the last few years. Although sales growth in its most important product the iPhone is still strong, Apple isn't the innovative company it was under Steve Jobs.

Action To Take: Apple is on pace to become the world's first $1 trillion company. Even though shares are trading at an all-time high, I see plenty of growth and gains ahead. Buy shares anywhere below the all-time high and hold until Apple becomes the first $1 trillion company in the world.

Editor's Note:Tech companies have a history of turning stockholders, secretaries and even janitors into "overnight" millionaires. In 2017, innovations in virtual reality will do the same for owners of these 2 stocks  

StreetAuthority's mission is to help individual investors earn above-average profits by providing a source of independent, unbiased - and most of all, profitable - investing ideas. Unlike traditional publishers, StreetAuthority doesn't simply regurgitate the latest stock market news. Instead, we provide in-depth research, plus specific investment ideas and immediate action to take based on the latest market events. Visit us atStreetAuthority.com.

More From InvestorPlace

The post Could Apple Inc. (AAPL) Be The First Ever $1 Trillion Company? appeared first on InvestorPlace . Why Is Apple Really Going Up? Since then, the shares have rocketed by an eye-popping 52.84%, making it one of the best performing stocks in the entire market.

It is coming off a prolonged correction that took the shares down a heart-stopping 31.53% until March 2016.

Yesterday, the share price of Steve Jobs' creation touched a new all-time high of $134.50, giving it an eye-popping market capitalization of over $704 billion.

Are happy days here again? Has a new dotcom type bubble ensued?

That is highly unlikely. The reasons for the ballistic move are far more complex.

Think of Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock as a call option on peace with China. When post-election fears that the company's highly globalized business model was doomed, the shares tanked. Since then, a curious thing has happened.

While the 2016 presidential campaign saw China attacked on a daily basis, there has been barely a peep since November 8th. In fact, the new president claimed to have a very friendly telephone call with Chinese president Xi Jinping only last week.

So does globalization live? Was its promised unwind yet another broken campaign promise?

The stock market certainly thinks so. This possibility was enough to punch Apple stock to an all-time high, several days in a row.

Instead, the target has been Mexico, with which the US is threatening total economic collapse.

Apple's business model is at risk on many fronts. While Apple's iPhones are designed in the US by foreigners, like Johnny Ives, they are made in China.

So any restriction on trade of any sort between the two nations would have dire consequences for Apple's bottom line. Punitive US import duties would reduce sales. Strife of any kind would make Apple facilities in China a big fat target for retaliation.

A rising share price says NONE of this is going to happen.

This is only the latest campaign promise that has thankfully been broken. China will be labeled a currency manipulator on day one . . . NOT. Japan will be called out as an unfair trader . . . NOT.

The administration is slowly figuring out that the agricultural states will, far and away, be the biggest losers in any future trade conflict, every one of which voted for the president. So the whole trade war thing may just quietly go away.

The market LOVES that idea.

And there ARE announced administration policies that would be hugely beneficial for Apple and will almost certainly be implemented. Who better to profit from a corporate tax cut than the world's most profitable company?

Who benefits the most from the repatriation of foreign profits than the planet's biggest owner of such a wad, some $250 billion worth. These funds will almost certainly be used to increase Apple share buybacks and increase dividends.

Kaching!! Longer term, I love Apple.

I believe it could hit $1 trillion in market capitalization sometime in 2018, or 2019 at the latest. That will probably occur in the run-up to a new biannual generation iPhone launch.

The only disappointment will be that Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL) will probably get there first.





If you'd like to receive ALL THE CURRENT CONTENT from The Diary of the Mad Hedge Fund Trader in your inbox every day premarket and PROPRIETARY TEXTED Trade Alerts which have averaged 36.95% annually since inception (11/29/10), Subscribe Through Seeking Alpha Premium Authors*

*Value-Added Investment Services From Top SA Contributors

Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours.

I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article. Apple Inc says it will open its new Steve Jobs-inspired 'spaceship ... Apple Inc. co-founder Steve Jobs  last public event in 2011 was a city council meeting in Cupertino, California, where he presented plans for a sprawling new campus with a spaceship-shaped building and tree-filled park. Apple announced Wednesday that it will begin moving employees into the 2.9 million-square-foot facility in April.

Apple said a new 1,000-seat auditorium at the facility will be named the Steve Jobs Theater in honour of its co-founder, who died four months after his city council presentation and would have turned 62 on Feb. 24.

Related

As with many large-scale construction projects, Apple faced budget overruns and delays. The building cost an estimated $5 billion (though Apple has never said how much), and the opening date had initially been set for 2015.

The first employees will begin moving into what the company has named Apple Park in April, with others following over six further months. Construction of the buildings and surrounding park land is slated to continue through summer, Apple said Wednesday.

Jobs said in 2011 that he wanted the campus to be the  best office building in the world.  He said he hoped architecture students would come to visit it for inspiration. The building s outside walls are made entirely of what Apple says are the world s largest panels of curved glass.

 Steve s vision for Apple stretched far beyond his time with us,  Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said in a statement.  He intended Apple Park to be the home of innovation for generations to come. 

Bloomberg News Yield Issues Force Apple Inc. To Ditch Curved Display On iPhone 8 [REPORT] Apple s 10th-anniversary smartphone is certainly the most anticipated device of 2017. The intense hype around the so-called iPhone 8 has pushed Apple and Foxconn shares to a record high. Until recently, there were rumors that the iPhone 8 would feature a curved OLED display. In fact, Apple was testing curved screens for the 10th anniversary iPhone. But the company has dropped the idea, according to a new report.

iPhone 8 to feature a 2.5D glass

Supply chain sources familiar with the matter told Chinese research firm TrendForce that Apple is finally making the switch from LCD to OLED panels. But the display won t wrap around the sides. The iPhone 8 would have the same 2.5D flat glass as the iPhone 7. Apple rejected the curved display due to low production yields and poor drop-test results.

Confirming previous reports, TrendForce said Apple would get rid of the physical home button to make room for more screen. Despite its 5.8-inch display, the iPhone 8 would be the same size as the 4.7-inch iPhone 7, thanks to extremely thin bezels. KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo recently told investors that the Touch ID fingerprint sensor would be replaced by a  function area  at the bottom of the screen. It would bring down the actual active display area to 5.15-inch.

iPhone 8 coming in 64GB and 256GB storage options

Sources told TrendForce that the iPhone 8 would come with two different storage options: 64GB and 256GB. The current iPhone 7 has base storage of only 32GB. With rising quality of photos and videos, 32GB may not be sufficient for most users. But limiting the choice to only 64GB and 256GB could significantly increase the cost of the phone.

The iPhone 8 is said to have 3GB RAM, the same as the current iPhone 7 Plus. TrendForce added that the iPhone 7S and 7S Plus would have the same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screens as their predecessors. The iterative upgrades would pack 2GB and 3GB RAM, respectively. Also, they will ship in the same storage options as the current flagship models.

Apple to produce 40 million iPhone 8 units in 2017

Corroborating recent rumors, TrendForce reports that the 10th anniversary iPhone would cost $1,000 or  even higher.  It is unclear whether both the 64GB and 256GB would be priced above $1,000 or only one of them. New features such as the 3D laser sensor, OLED display, wireless charging, and improved waterproofing would push up the production cost of the device. The research firm points out that the iPhone 7S would be more competitively priced as Apple seeks to  make significant differentiation  between the 4.7-inch handset and the other two models.

Sources told TrendForce that Apple was planning to produce 100 million units of the next-gen iPhones by the end of 2017. Of that, 40 million units will be the 10th anniversary iPhone 8. Overall, the company is estimated to sell 230 million iPhones this year. Analysts Grow More Cautious Amid Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone X Frenzy, See Amazon ... Deutsche Bank and CLSA are approaching Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) from divided stances. While one analyst is not buying into Apple and all of its iPhone X-infused hype, another analyst is saying three cheers for Amazon as Amazon Web Services continues to seize the lead in the competition. Let s dive in:

Apple Has Captivated the Street with iPhone X Talk- But Are Expectations Overblown?

Deutsche Bank analyst Sherri Scribner joins the hot topic conversation regarding the forthcoming iPhone X from Apple from the sidelines, believing the attention engulfing the tenth anniversary edition model with a rumored $1,000 price tag is vastly overblown. Though Scribner does increase her price target, the boost is far more a reflection of a rise in multiples rather than her confidence on the stock.

Therefore, not giving sway to those beating the drum for the tech giant, the analyst reiterates a Hold rating on shares of AAPL while lifting the price target to $125, which represents an 8% downside from where the stock is currently trading.

As far as Scribner is concerned,  The market continues to be optimistic on iPhone sales this year based on the expected launch of a 10th anniversary iPhone and the belief that the installed base is ripe for an upgrade. We remain more cautious, given slowing global smartphone growth, elongating refresh cycles, and the expected high price of new models. 

Moreover, the analyst continues,  As highlighted in today s Global iPhone supply chain report  iPhone 8, too good to be true?  new features point to higher bill-of-material costs and ASPs for the supply chain, but unit growth will likely only be in the mid-to-high single digits. We are raising our PT on higher market multiples but given the recent runup in the shares, we see current valuation as fair. 

 We continue to believe that these high prices will limit demand. [ ] Clearly, Apple is doing well selling high-end phones, and this should benefit their ASPs in 2017, but the vast majority of consumers can not afford to pay $1,000 for a new phone [ ]  Scribner concludes, keeping her wary eyes on the tech giant despite those on the Street cheering the upcoming high-end model.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, four-star analyst Sherri Scribner is ranked #435 out of 4,496 analysts. Scribner has a 65% success rate and realizes 11.8% in her annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Scribner yields 11.7% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate AAPL as a Strong Buy. Out of 35 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 28 are bullish on Apple stock and 7 remain sidelined. With a return potential of nearly 4%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $141.69.

Amazon Web Services Continues to Be Amazon s Strong Suit

CLSA analyst James Lee approaches Amazon stock from a surge in bullish perspective, largely thanks to Amazon Web Services firing up and ready to incite prospective consumers to opt into buying more elaborate services from the online and e-commerce leader, including databases.

On back of strong AWS demand and acceleration, the analyst likes the company s odds to  up-sell  and reiterates an Outperform rating on AMZN with a price target of $950, which represents a just under 11% increase from where the shares last closed.

Lee notes,  Our cloud consultant expects cloud migration to accelerate from 5% of workload in 2016 to 20% in 2017, driven by cost savings from infrastructure services. This is consistent with an industry study indicating that labor, faculty and hardware costs make up 50%+ of the IT budget for data centers. AWS leads in contract wins due to its robust product portfolio at 150 key features vs 40 for Microsoft and 15 for Google. Besides financial services, the consultant is seeing opportunities in telecom, cable and healthcare. 

Furthermore, not only is AWS a key asset for Amazon, but it also is outclassing the competition.  AWS is leading peers in new contracts due to its robust product portfolio. [ ] AWS has 150 critical products/features compared to Microsoft at 40 and Google at 15. To consistently win new enterprise contracts, the cloud computing provider needs at least 50 critical product sets in contract bids,  asserts Lee.

With Cloud Technology Partners highlighting meaningful opportunity as rival Oracle Corporation (NYSE:ORCL) customers have indicated interest to switch from Oracle to Amazon s database system and the company s edge in Platform-as-a-Service (Paas) business) over the bulk of its competition, the analyst paints a confident picture for the leader moving forward.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, four-star analyst James Lee is ranked #459 out of 4,490 analysts. Lee has a 79% success rate and garners 15.6% in his yearly returns. When recommending AMZN, Lee gains 38.5% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AMZN as a Strong Buy. Based on 29 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 28 rate a Buy on AMZN stock while 1 maintains a Hold. The 12-month average price target stands at $940.46, marking a nearly 10% upside from where the stock is currently trading. Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Heffx Technical Analysis Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Heffx Technical Analysis

Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards.

Short term: Prices are moving.

Intermediate term: Prices are trending.

Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside.

By the way, prices are vulnerable to a correction towards 127.14.

The projected upper bound is: 140.81.

The projected lower bound is: 133.62.

The projected closing price is: 137.21.

Candlesticks

A white body occurred (because prices closed higher than they opened).

During the past 10 bars, there have been 7 white candles and 3 black candles for a net of 4 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 39 white candles and 11 black candles for a net of 28 white candles.

A rising window occurred (where the top of the previous shadow is below the bottom of the current shadow). This usually implies a continuation of a bullish trend. There have been 3 rising windows in the last 50 candles this makes the current rising window even more bullish.

Momentum Indicators

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 86.4323. This is an overbought reading. However, a signal is not generated until the Oscillator crosses below 80 The last signal was a sell 15 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 90.00. This is where it usually tops. The RSI usually forms tops and bottoms before the underlying security. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 14 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 118.This is an overbought reading. However, a signal isn t generated until the indicator crosses below 100. The last signal was a sell 2 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 18 period(s) ago.

Rex Takasugi   TD Profile

APPLE INC closed up 0.980 at 136.700. Volume was 22% below average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 125% wider than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume___

136.230 136.750 135.980 136.700 24,507,156

Technical Outlook

Short Term: Overbought

Intermediate Term: Bullish

Long Term: Bullish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 133.97 121.99 109.56

Volatility: 9 19 23

Volume: 27,077,786 29,715,916 34,171,356

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

APPLE INC gapped up today (bullish) on normal volume. Possibility of a Runaway Gap which usually signifies a continuation of the trend. Four types of price gaps exist   Common, Breakaway, Runaway, and Exhaustion. Gaps acts as support/resistance.

APPLE INC is currently 24.8% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is high as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect moderate flows of volume into AAPL.O (mildly bullish). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on AAPL.O and have had this outlook for the last 48 periods. Our momentum oscillator is currently indicating that AAPL.O is currently in an overbought condition.

We are aware of the heightened political tensions globally, these must be monitored daily to protect your portfolio. Apple Inc. quietly buys iCloud.net domain: Report (NASDAQ:AAPL) Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) has quietly acquired a domain name which was used by a social network, according to a new report.

Story continues below

The Cupertino-based tech giant has taken over ownership of iCloud.net, TechCrunch reported.

It is unknown how much did Apple pay for iCloud.net.

The Asian social network that existed at iCloud.net will be shutting down by the end of this month. The social network has informed its users about the closure, according to the report.

The small social network was launched in 2011. It is not clear how many it ever had.

The homepage of the site said:  iCloud social network is a multi-purpose network platform. 

It also noted:  You can share your activates, pictures, music, videos, movies, write your daily blogs, and join in your favorite groups, etc. By joining iCloud.NET, you will get the latest news feeds from your friends, interact with friends and get the fun of life is our greatest expectations,  as reported by TechCrunch.

The iCloud.net is believed to be one of the last major iCloud-based web addresses that were not owned by Apple. Perhaps, the last major is iCloud.co.uk, which is owned by Dennis Publishing.

Apple started iCloud storage service in 2011. Just before the official launch, the tech giant acquired iCloud.com from Swedish software company Xcerion for $5.2 million.

Xcerion had launched its own cloud-based storage service under iCloud.com name in 2007. Following the sale of the domain name in 2011, the Swedish company changed the name of its brand to CloudMe. Four years later, Xcerion quietly transferred the rest of its iCloud-related name properties, covering some 170 domains (iCloud.us, iCloud.eu and iCloud.tv), to the iPhone maker, TechCrunch reported.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) Receives a Patent for an Avatar-Building App patent for an app that is designed for creating and editing avatars has been awarded to Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) by the United States Patent & Trademark Office (USPTO). Though the patent has just been published , its filing took place six years ago.

From the description of the patent, the goal of the app is to offer an editing environment for avatars that would let users come up with avatars that they could then use in various applications including online games . Users also have a choice of either creating avatars manually or automatically .

Manual avatar creation

With manual creation, users have the ability to tweak and edit the avatar as much as they like. Features that can be tweaked and edited include clothes, eye color, and skin tone. Among the applications that the avatars can be used include email clients, contacts, and iMessage . The avatars can also be used on some of the gaming platforms such as on Nintendo and Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ:MSFT) Xbox .

Interestingly , the avatar created using the patented app can also be used in a chat room or in video conferencing in the place of a user s real image . And just like in real life, the avatar would be dynamic and would be able to make gestures, movements, and expressions . Though it is not mentioned in the patent, this feature of the avatar could find use in, say, Facetime, whereby a caller s avatar replaces the caller s live stream .

Filed in 2011

Beyond the description, it is hard to tell what Apple intends to do with this avatar-creating and editing technology . The fact that the filing of the patent happened long ago could also mean that its potential usefulness has been overtaken by events .

The app described in the patent has, however , faced criticism from various quarters for looking like a clone of Bitmoji, a Snapchat app which was developed by its subsidiary, Bitstrips . But with Apple having filed the patent for the app in 2011, it is hard to tell who is copying whom.

On Tuesday, Apple Inc rose by 0.72% to close the day at $136.70 a share. Apple says new Apple Park campus to be ready for occupation in April  
2017-02-23
A Slight Negative for This Apple Inc. Supplier Emerges Taiwan Semiconductor Mfg. Co. Ltd. (NYSE:TSM) is the world's largest contract chip manufacturer. It manufactures chips for some of the largest, most powerful companies like Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) as well as for small chip companies you might not have ever heard of.

TSMC is in the unique situation of having a very strong position inside of Apple's iPhone line of smartphones -- it is believed to be the exclusive manufacturer of Apple's custom-designed A10 processor and it is also believed to be the manufacturer of the Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) Snapdragon X12 and Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) XMM 7360 cellular modems found inside of each iPhone sold today.

Going forward, it looks as though TSMC is set to see revenues from iPhone cellular modems vanish.

Gone either this cycle, or next

If Apple chooses to reuse the Snapdragon X12 modem as well as adopt Intel's XMM 7480 cellular modem for the upcoming iPhone product cycle, then TSMC should enjoy another year of cellular modem revenues (since the XMM 7480 is also believed to be manufactured at TSMC).

However, after that it is likely that Apple will adopt the Intel XMM 7560 cellular modem as well as either the Qualcomm Snapdragon X16 or Snapdragon X20 modem (if it doesn't ultimately adopt one of them this cycle).

The Snapdragon X16 is manufactured by Samsung (NASDAQOTH:SSNLF) on its 14-nanometer LPP technology and the Snapdragon X20 is manufactured by Samsung using its 10-nanometer LPE technology.

The Intel XMM 7560 is, unlike previous Intel modems, manufactured by Intel itself using some variant of its 14-nanometer manufacturing technology.

So, at some point within the next iPhone cycle or two, Apple is likely going to be sourcing modems from both Qualcomm and Intel that aren't manufactured by TSMC.

What does this mean for TSMC's business?

If we assume that this business is worth something on the order of $1 billion in annual revenue (200 million units multiplied by a rough estimate of $5 per unit), then -- all else equal -- TSMC stands to see a roughly 3% revenue decline from the eventual loss of this business (based on current analyst consensus which calls for TSMC to rake in about $32.22 billion in revenue this year).

That's certainly less than ideal, but such a loss isn't going to dramatically impact the company's financial position. After all, the company still benefits from the growth of the overall smartphone market (as it is a critical supplier of many key smartphone processor makers) and I wouldn't be surprised to see silicon content within smartphones continue to grow in the years ahead as smartphones continue to integrate more features and functionality.

In other words, TSMC should be able to more than make up the potential declines elsewhere within the mobile market.

What about for Intel's and Samsung's?

Samsung's contract chip manufacturing business used to rely on the manufacture of Apple's A-series applications processors, but it seems to have lost that business to TSMC for the foreseeable future. Getting some logic silicon content in the iPhone again via the manufacture of Qualcomm's modems certainly can't hurt.

A similar argument applies to Intel. The company is looking to expand its total addressable market partly to grow revenue and partly to continue to have enough chip scale to keep its expensive factories filled with chips. By manufacturing and shipping tens of millions, if not more than 100 million cellular baseband chips (eventually) annually, the company has quite a lot of "guaranteed" volume for its factories year-in and year-out.

In other words, I'd say that TSMC losing business to Intel and Samsung is probably more of a positive for the latter two's businesses than it is a negative for TSMC. Weekly Long Calls in Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Apple Inc Weekly options

Date Published: 2017-02-07

Written by Ophir Gottlieb

WEEKLY LONG CALLS IN APPLE INC

Trading long calls in Apple using weekly options for the last three-years has been a winner. But, there was a way to substantially increase returns while literally cutting risk in half   a 50% reduction in risk. Here s how we do it.

First, we run a three-year back-test of buying the 50 delta (at the money) call option in Apple Inc every week (weekly options). These are the results:

View photos

We can see a 219% return, and even though the trades were only winners 40% of the time, the wins were well worth the losses. But that should trigger a thought:

What if we could limit the downside and test it systematically?

It turns out that we can do exactly that. Here is the same weekly long call test in Apple Inc but this time we put a stop loss at 50%. In English, if the long call loses 50% of its value, we sell it, close the position, and trade the week after. Here is how that strategy looked:

View photos

All of a sudden we see that 219% return spike up to 242%. But here s the real gem   this test has cut the risk in half. While the original test could have seen a long call lose all of its value (100%) in a given week, now we have limited that loss to 50%. Yes, we see greater returns for less risk.

But this approach goes well further than a three-year time period with Apple Inc. Let s now do this weekly option trade for the last two-years, and to make the results easier to read, we will put them side-by-side. The left side is the normal weekly call option, the right hand side is the one with a 50% stop loss.

View photos

Read More 2 Choices For Apple Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) is at a crossroads where they have to make a decision to rely on the slowing growth of the iPhone or shift their focus to their services segment. Below are two models comparing the effects of both options. For comparison, the base case DCF model, with no shift in revenue distributions or expenditure growth, values AAPL shares at $130.29.

Though the first route seems grim, because of slowing smartphone growth as shown in the chart from Statista below, let's take a look at the numbers.

In the past two years, Apple has increased its R&D by an average 19.07%. By projecting this rate forward and normalizing with a percent of sales figure the model expects R&D to be 6.53% of sales in 2019. To benefit the iPhone and maintain current rates of growth for other lines R&D will have to increase at a higher rate, and the extra spending must be devoted solely to the new iPhone's development.

To model this the rate of increase is bumped up to 25%. The extra 5.93% puts R&D spending at 7.43% of sales. This will also be boosted by a larger expected sales number overall. With Apple's record of reliable innovation that customers believe in an increase in R&D would likely result in positive growth. Prior to the drop this year the iPhone sales were increasing at 35.6% year over year. To restore the sales growth rate quarter over quarter sales must increase by a net 2.8% quarter over quarter in 2017 and then increase at a 1% rate moving forward. Also, since the iPad can benefit from new technologies implemented in the iPhone the model also adds .7% quarter over quarter net increase in 2017 sales for the iPad. The increase is severely dampened due to the iPhone 6, and 7 Plus offering iPad-like screens, and these large-format phones are cannibalizing iPad sales. Case in point, the revenue for the Microsoft Surface line doubled in 2016 to its highest level to date, while revenues for the iPad have been slowing down since Q1 2014 as shown below.

But in ideal conditions some new customers, from other smartphone lines, will likely adopt the Apple ecosystem through an iPad. With these changes the new model values the firm at $147.16.

The second scenario comes from wording in the last quarterly report. Apple says "as part of its strategy, (Apple) continues to expand its platform for the discovery, and delivery of digital content, and applications through its Digital Content, and Services, which allows customers to discover, and download digital content." As premium hardware lines from several tech companies have saturated the market, Apple is leveraging a customer that is encapsulated in Apple gear by offering them services to complement their hardware. To do so they will have to increase R&D again, but this time devote it primarily to developing the Services unit. It is also important to note that in this scenario they cannot shy away from continuing innovation in the hardware lines. Failing to sustain the current hardware ecosystem will cause customers to move over to more lucrative, and innovative lines. For this reason, R&D will have to be significantly increased.

Again, time for the numbers. As mentioned R&D will have to be significantly increased. For this scenario, the increase is 30% over the three-year average putting the 2019 figure at 8.36% of sales. The stark bump in expense here is due to new development. Building new services from the ground up takes more capital especially when the customer base expects the utmost quality. As with all stocks, this is a gamble. A product failure would put Apple several years back in cash flow, thus forcing them into a corner for future options. As with high risk, however, there is a possibility of high reward. Assuming an industry average scenario this tremendous increase in expected expenses is also offset by a large growth rate.

Subscription-based service companies such as Netflix and Spotify have experienced 20.71% and 81.76% annual revenue growth in the past five years, respectively. Taking an average of both firms we arrive to a value of 51.23%. Though these firms had the first mover advantage, Apple has the ability to push convenience and integration through current Apple product users. Moreover, Apple represents a strong but growable position as shown below in MIDI's research.

Clearly users appreciate the product as it has a sizable market share. A net increase of 5.5% in 2017 and 5% growth from then on puts the revenue stream just shy of 50%. The model also accounts for an increase in iPhone and iPad sales by 5% from 2018 on. Assuming the services are successful and able to reach the expected growth rate, more users will move into the Apple ecosystem than expected, thus driving up hardware sales. Using these inputs the firm is valued at $149.21.

These valuations are very close showing the increase in reinvestment creates a similar trajectory whatever choice Apple takes. It is safe to assume with the current effectiveness of the firm's capital the stock should appreciate regardless of the option or even with a blend of both.

The coming quarter and shift toward or away from hardware will show which option they are taking. This said, the second growth factor is much more likely. With heavy smartphone saturation, it would be a feat for the iPhone to regain lost ground in growth rates. As shown above smartphones sales are expected to consistently fall from 2018 on.

The only viable option to break this trend is to increase the rate at which current Apple customers switch to the next iPhone. Currently iPhone users are 20% more likely to switch to the new model when released, according to Forbes. With such a large lead, it is unlikely the firm will push this gain further.

Unless Apple is able to convey to customers to buy several phones, switch to the new model more often, or increase the access of their hardware to new markets it is terribly unlikely they will break the trend. For this reason, it is much more likely the firm will opt for the second choice. Going the services route should improve margins, diversify revenue streams, and result in higher free cash flow. But this model is highly dependent on Apple's ability to deliver. A large investiture in R&D is at the end of the day a gamble. As an investor, you have to decide whether Apple is a pair of aces or a two and a three. Apple Inc. (AAPL) iPhone 8 Camera Will Be Revolutionary As we get closer to September and the expected launch of the 10th anniversary iPhone, there have been rumors that Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) could charge $1,000 or more for the device.

Source: Apple

One reason for the unprecedented starting price may now have been revealed. A veteran Apple analyst reports the new iPhone 8 will feature a revolutionary new 3D FaceTime camera. This will allow Apple to incorporate high-tech features like facial recognition, and could be the missing piece that lets the company push into augmented reality.

9to5 Mac published details of a report, released yesterday by KGI Securities analyst Ming-Chi Kuo. According to Kuo, iPhone 8 won t push the limits of the primary camera the way the dual-lens system on the iPhone 7 Plus did. Instead, it will get a new FaceTime camera he describes a  revolutionary. 

The KGI report says the new camera will incorporate an advanced infrared sensor, and employ technology developed by PrimeSense   the Israeli 3D sensor company Apple bought in 2013. Together, the camera lens, IR transmitter and IR receiver will be able to accurately track the depth and location of objects. In other words, an advanced 3D sensing system.

KGI even has the component manufacturers identified. Ming-Chi Kuo says Sony Corp (ADR) (NYSE:SNE) will produce the FaceTime camera module. Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., Ltd (OTCMKTS:HNHPF)   Foxconn to you and me   is expected to make the IR sensors. Lumentum Holdings Inc (NASDAQ:LITE) will provide laser technology. Algorithms from PrimeSense will make sense of all the imaging data, along with facial recognition know-how from the 2015 Apple purchase Metaio.

IPhone 8 FaceTime Camera: The Key to Facial Recognition and AR

The FaceTime camera is the iPhone s so-called  selfie  camera. So what s the point of packing this camera with advanced technology? Better selfies?

By going this route, the iPhone 8 gains a number of significant features that have previously been hinted at. The system could be used for 3D facial recognition and/or iris scanning. This advanced biometric capability would be more secure than the current Touch ID fingerprint system and could help AAPL to drive Apple Pay adoption. Facial recognition would also be a hig- tech selling feature.

The technology would also support Apple s augmented reality ambitions. We ve previously written about how Apple CEO Tim Cook has been increasingly vocal about AR and its potential to be a game-changing technology. That promotion has stepped up in the past year, leading to speculation AAPL is preparing to release a product with augmented reality as a key feature.

Next Page Invest Like Philippe Laffont: Tesla Inc (TSLA), Fitbit Inc (FIT), Apple Inc ... Hedge fund manager Philippe Laffont has made some intriguing trades in the fourth-quarter by adding a new position in controversial automaker Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) and dramatically upping his Fitbit Inc (NYSE:FIT) position.  Tiger cub  Laffont (so named because he is one of several big names who once worked for the legendary Julian Robertson s Tiger Management fund) also initiated a new position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), the world s largest tech company by total assets.

Laffont is founder and CEO of the $8.44 billion fund Coatue Management LLC. The fund has been generating striking returns in recent years with a very impressive 30.32% return in 2016 and an annualized return over the last three years of 18.48%. In fact, if we look at the fund s measured performance (89.1%) we can see that the fund has outperformed both the S&P 500 (81.8%) and the average hedge fund portfolio (51.7%). All of this adds up to give Laffont a four-star ranking on financial accountability engine TipRanks.

So what is driving the fund s success? The fund utilizes a long/short strategy with 54% of the fund invested in the tech sector: Facebook, Nvidia and Alphabet are three of the fund s biggest holdings. All of these stocks have driven high returns, with chipmaker Nvidia s stock price shooting up from $31 back in February 2016 to its share price of $110 today. Similarly FB, which is now trading at $136 has added about $30 to its stock price over the year.

Bearing this in mind let s now delve into three of Laffont s key Q4 trades, as revealed by 13F forms filed with the SEC:

Tesla Inc

Laffont initiated a new position in electrical carmaker Tesla with the purchase of 39,643 shares which have a reported value of $8.47 million. Since the last filing TSLA share prices have soared 27.99%. However the consensus analyst rating on the stock is hold with the average analyst price target now representing a -21.56% downside from the current share price of $273.51. Analysts are concerned that the rally in shares was overblown as, according to top UBS analyst Colin Langan there was  no fundamental reason for the run-up.  He reiterated his sell rating with a $160 price target on Feb 16 saying that  We remain cautious with expected accelerated cash burn ahead of the Model 3 launch   [and] negative earnings revisions with the inclusion of SolarCity. 

Tesla has just announced that its mass-market Model 3 sedan is on track for volume production by September of this year. CEO Elon Musk said that no capital needs to be raised for the Model 3 but  it may get very close to the edge. 

Fitbit Inc

Laffont made a substantial addition of 230% to the fund s position in wearable device maker Fitbit. His 8.2 million shares have a reported value of $60.5 million. However, since the last filing the shares have dropped by -19%. The market is also cautious on the outlook for Fitbit with an analyst consensus rating of hold although the price target represents a slightly more positive 7.65% upside from the current share price of $5.88.

Fitbit, which develops fitness trackers, saw a disappointing holiday season capped off with weak projections for the year ahead. The company reported its first a fourth-quarter loss on low sales and is now predicting a full year loss of between 22 cents and 44 cents per share on revenue of $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion.

As part of the earnings release, Fitbit revealed that it paid $15 million for Vector Watch and $23 million for smartwatch startup Pebble. This was much lower than the $34-40 million that the market had expected. Pebble ran a record-breaking crowdfunding campaign but was forced to sell at a low price once banks lost confidence, according to Business Insider.

Apple Inc.

In Q4, Laffont added a new position in Apple with 3.19 million shares worth close to $370 million. The shares have already gained 18.9% since the last filing. Laffont isn t the only hedge fund manager who has made a move to Apple; in Q4 Warren Buffett, the  Oracle of Omaha  added 276% to his now $6 billion AAPL position. Not surprisingly therefore the hedge fund sentiment on Apple is very positive with hedge funds increasing their Apple holdings by 41.8 million shares in the last quarter. This also mirrors the bullish strong buy outlook on Apple from analysts who are confident that demand for the much-hyped iPhone 8 will take Apple to new heights.

On February 21, 4-star Morgan Stanley analyst Kathryn Huberty rated Apple a buy with a $154 price target based on strong predicted iPhone sales in China of $260 million. In fact, the analyst anticipates China will  contribute outsized growth  in the fiscal year of 2018 due to 1) a larger base of users requiring upgrades and 2) Apple taking users from local Chinese smartphone brands. Apple iPhone Pricing Data Suggests Upside In 2017  Apple Inc. Censures Trump's Reversal Of Transgender Bathroom Use 

Image source: Pixabay

Apple isn t on good terms with Trump, and it s been obvious to all. Now it has become the first tech company to express displeasure with Trump s decision to repeal the guidelines around transgender bathroom use in public schools.

In a statement to Recode, Apple said,  We support efforts toward greater acceptance, not less, and we strongly believe that transgender students should be treated as equals. 

Trump differs from Obama

Last year, then-President Barack Obama introduced guidelines that encouraged public schools to allow students to use the bathroom corresponding with the gender they identify with. Any school that failed to comply with the guidelines might have ended up losing public funding. Now Trump has revoked those guidelines, and Apple disagrees with the decision.



(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({}); @media (max-width: 600px) {

#admobil {

display:none;

}

#adpost {

display:inline-block;

width:300px !important;

height:250px;

}

} @media (min-width: 600px) {

#admobil {

display:none;

}

#adpost {

display:inline-block;

width:336px;

height:280px;

}

}

The iPhone maker said,  Apple believes everyone deserves a chance to thrive in an environment free from stigma and discrimination.  We disagree with any effort to limit or rescind their rights and protections. 

Trump, who has a different view on the matter, thinks that decisions on such matters should be left in the hands of the states and public schools, and they should have all the authority to decide, notes 9to5mac. In a joint letter, the Departments of Justice and Education said the directive was issued  without due regard for the primary role of the states and local school districts in establishing educational policy. 

Transgender students should be treated as equals: Apple and Cook

It s not the first time Apple has spoken against Trump s decisions. Earlier this year, voicing opposition towards Trump s immigration rulings, Tim Cook said that Apple simply did not support the policy. Cook also issued a memo to employees in which he wrote that diversity  makes our team stronger.  Furthermore, the iPhone maker was among the few tech companies that filed an amicus brief opposing Trump s travel ban.

Cook has not made any personal comment on Trump s pullback of protection for transgender students, but he has strongly advocated for LGBT rights in the past. Not only did Cook call out controversial legislation related to LGBT rights, but he also donated personally to equality campaigns in various states, notes 9to5mac.

Apple also participated in San Francisco s annual Pride Parade. It even posted a YouTube video of it, in which several Apple employees were seen marching in the parade celebrating gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people. The company also backed LGBT anti-discrimination legislature at the federal level. 7 Insane Facts About Apple Inc.'s New $5 Billion Campus (AAPL) Known as  Apple Park,  iPhone maker Apple Inc. s ( AAPL ) brand new headquarters is almost ready to go, and will be open to employees starting in April. The tech giant said it will take over six months to move its 12,000 employees from its old campus in Cupertino, California, and construction of Apple Park s buildings and parklands will continue through the summer.

In addition to the hefty $5 billion price tag, here are seven more facts about Apple s new headquarters:

1. Apple Park s main ring-shaped building is 2.8 million-square-feet, and built entirely in curved glass panels.

2. There will be a 1,000-seat auditorium named after the company s late cofounder, Steve Jobs, who would have turned 62 this Friday. The Steve Jobs Theater sits on a hill that overlooks the rest of the campus.

3. The new campus will include a visitor s center with an Apple Store and caf  that will be open to the public.

4. Apple employees stationed at Apple Park will get some serious perks. There is a 100,000-square-foot fitness center, secure research and development facilities, and parklands that offer two miles of walking and running paths.

5. The giant spaceship ring is one of the most energy-efficient buildings in the world. It s powered by 100% renewable energy, and will run one of the world s biggest on-site solar energy installations, with 17 megawatts of rooftop solar power.

6. The campus is also built to require no heating or air conditioning for nine months of the year, making it the site of the world s largest naturally ventilated building.

7. Apple Park was designed in collaboration with Foster + Partners, and replaces 5 million-square-feet of asphalt and concrete with grassy fields and 9,000 drought-resistant, California-native trees.

Video via: Apple

Long-Term Buys You Won t See in the News

The stocks you see in today s headlines may not be in the news tomorrow or next week. If you re looking for profitable long-term investments, you may be interested to see what Zacks Research is recommending to our private members.

These moves have double and triple-digit profit potential. Starting now, you can look inside our stocks under $10, home run and value stock portfolios, plus more. Want a peek at this exclusive information? Click here>>

Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research?

Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report

Apple Inc. (AAPL): Free Stock Analysis Report

To read this article on Zacks.com click here.

Zacks Investment Research

More From InvestorPlace Apple Inc. vs. Alphabet Inc: Value or Growth? Choosing between buying Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ) and Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOGL ) is the classic choice between value and growth. And if you were confused, AAPL stock is the value play, while GOOGL stock provides the growth.

Source: Shutterstock

While Apple shares have been on fire in 2017   up 17%   you can still get in for a price-to-earnings ratio around 16, lower than what investors are paying for the average S&P 500 stock. You also get a dividend of 57 cents per share, more than covered by earnings.

GOOGL is the growth play. Revenues increased to $90 billion last year from $55 billion in 2013. This justifies a P/E of nearly 30. The shares are also up 17% over the last 12 months.

Right now, investors prefer value over growth and Apple stock is doing better than Alphabet. But this isn t the proverbial choice between a rock and a hard place, instead, it s more like picking between cookies and ice cream. I own both stocks, I have owned them for several years, and I have profited handsomely holding both.

The Case for AAPL Stock

No technology company is as adept at squeezing profit from hardware as Apple.

While other smartphone companies struggle to make money, Apple regularly brings $1 of every $4 in iPhone sales to its bottom line. Its closed ecosystem is perceived as safe and their products last for years.

The current case for Apple stock, however, has little to do with hardware. Instead, services now drive the stock forward. Services like its app store   from which it takes a 30% cut of sales   Apple Music, iPay and iCloud have become huge, with $7.17 billion of revenue in the fourth quarter alone. The success of its services enabled Apple to become a power in the cloud by putting more than $12 billion into capital spending last year. It s no secret that the cloud is a capital-intensive business, but Apple has been able to out-spend cloud rivals without disturbing its profit machine.

AAPL had over $246 billion in cash on its books at the end of last year, most of it kept overseas. The Trump administration has proposed a one-time tax cut to encourage Apple to bring this cash back to the U.S. That s enough money to buy companies such as Comcast Corporation (NASDAQ: CMCSA ) or Walt Disney Co (NYSE: DIS ) outright.

When analysts subtract the Apple cash from its market cap, they find the company itself valued at  just  $460 billion, with a PE of 9 and just over two times sales. If you re looking for a cheap value stock, poised for an era of unprecedented growth, with plenty of safety and margin for error, they say, buy AAPL today.

The Case for GOOGL Stock

The artists formerly known as Google have a different case to make.

Alphabet has become a cash flow monster, delivering nearly $40 billion in operating cash flow last year. Its revenue grew nearly 20%, and GOOGL s operating margin is over 25%.

Clouds scale like no invention ever seen before, and Alphabet delivers a global search service for literally nothing. Its Android operating system is on 87% of all smartphones, against just 12% for Apple, and Alphabet doesn t have to build or sell them. It just watches as customers who own them come to its services.

Next Page Here Is A Valid Reason For Apple Inc. To Buy Netflix, Inc. (AAPL, NFLX) Apple Inc. s ( AAPL ) App Store revenue is getting a major contribution from Netflix, Inc. ( NFLX ) and analysts think it is one of the strongest reasons for the iPhone maker to consider acquiring the streaming firm.

Netflix s Rising Clout Lifts AAPL s App Store

On Tuesday, analytics firm Sensor Tower stated that in 2016, spending surged 130% year over year in the App Store s  entertainment  category, which consists of HBO Now, Netflix and Hulu, LLC.

Netflix started monetizing through App Store subscriptions in the fourth quarter of 2015. Netflix contributed about $58 million in gross revenue to the category in the fourth quarter, an increase from the mere $7.9 million a year earlier, according to the Sensor Tower report.

Investors are keen to learn if Apple is interested or planning anytime soon to acquire an entertainment technology company such as Netflix to utilize its huge cash pile, according to CNBC.

Technology investor Eric Jackson has already said that Apple  clearly should have bought Netflix. 

The Cupertino, California-based company stated earlier that it is looking to double its service revenue, which includes the App Store, by 2020.

However, despite having a cash pile of over $240 billion, the company has been shying away from making major acquisitions, and Netflix has not given any hints about entertaining even the thought of being acquired.

Earlier this month, Eddy Cue, Apple s head of content, said at Recode s Code Media conference,  [I]f we wanted to do what everybody else is doing, then you re right, we might be better off buying somebody or doing that. But that s not what we re trying to do. We are trying to do something that s unique. 

Entertainment apps contribute about $2.30 of the $40 spent by U.S. iPhone owners in 2016. According to Sensor Tower, this number is less than the amount spent on games and music downloads.

Though the most revenue was generated from the games section, entertainment remained the biggest growth category. About 80% of the total revenue was generated by games in 2016.

Apple does not give a breakdown of App Store spending. However, the company has over and over again stated that its  services,  which mostly includes the rent it gets from operating the App Store and iCloud and Apple Music, will be the focus, as it wants to keep its overall margin high despite sluggish growth in iPhone sales.

On Wednesday, Apple shares closed at $137.11. Year to date, AAPL stock is up more than 18%, while in the last year, it is up more than 42%.

The post Here Is A Valid Reason For Apple Inc. To Buy Netflix, Inc. appeared first on ValueWalk.

Many academics claim investing is a  random walk.  We believe this to be only partially true. It is our core belief that value investing can outperform the market, hence the name  ValueWalk.  Your number one source for breaking news and evergreen content on everything value investing and hedge funds.

Check out our new free Underrated Small Cap Stocks newsletter

Also Sign Up For Our Free Newsletter and receive in-depth ebooks on famous investors

More From InvestorPlace Harman International Industries announced commercial implementation of Apple carplay integration through wireless connection  
2017-02-24
Valuing Apple Shares And How Much Higher They Can Go  Warren Buffett's 4Q Biggest Trades: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) In the fourth-quarter Warren Buffet bought billion-dollar positions in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) but slashed his Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) holding by 90%. Buffett s $148 billion fund now has Apple as its seventh biggest stock, 13F forms filed with the SEC and released on Feb 14 reveal. In Q4 Buffett s Berkshire Hathaway fund, which has a $147 billion portfolio value, sold shares worth $900 million in retailer Walmart. The fund initiated its Walmart position in 2005 but has been slowly selling off the stock over the last year. Now it would not be surprising if Buffet completely eradicates his Walmart position in the near future. This is a dramatic turnaround for Buffett, known as the  Oracle of Omaha . Why has he changed his position now? We take a closer look at these key Q4 moves.

Apple Inc.

Buffett increased his holding in consumer giant Apple by 276.68%. The holding, which is now worth $6.64 billion, has made a gain since the last filing of 17.69%. In other words, Buffett has already made a substantial profit on his investment. Why have AAPL share prices risen? Apple released better-than-expected first quarter fiscal results which impressed the market with revenue hitting a record $78.4 billion and EPS of $3.36 comfortably beating analyst estimates by $0.15. iPhone demand continued to improve despite market fears that consumers would hold out on purchasing iPhones until the release of iPhone 8 later this year.

However, there is a slight danger that AAPL stock prices could fall back over the next 12 months. The average analyst price target on TipRanks is just $142.31 versus the current share price of $135.72. And most notably, price targets from top analysts Timothy Arcuri (Cowen & Co) and Mark Moskowitz (Barclays) both undercut the current share price by downsides of -0.53% and -9.37% respectively. Moskowitz believes that customers will increasingly be drawn to lower-priced versions of the iPhone, musing that  the era of  must-have  technology in smartphones [could have] peaked, potentially weighing on both Apple and the broader smartphone market. 

Wal-Mart Stores

Warren Buffett reduced his position in Walmart by about 90% in 4Q16; his remaining shareholding in the stock is worth about $96 million. The market as a whole is cautious about the outlook for Walmart which is facing increased competition from e-commerce giants such as Amazon which has a market cap of $356 billion versus Walmart s $296 billion. Walmart is trying to counter the competition by becoming an omni-channel retailer. The company has introduced free-two-day shipping and over the last 5 years it has snapped up over 15 e-commerce startups. Most recently Walmart announced the $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com in September 2016.

Still fears remain that it is simply too late for Walmart to break into the e-commerce market in any meaningful way. Former CEO of Walmart Mike Duke said back in 2012:  I wish we had moved faster. We ve proven ourselves to be successful in many areas, and I simply wonder why we didn t move more quickly. This is especially true for e-commerce. 

Ultimately, Buffett s decision to sell the stock may perhaps be explained by this quote from 2005 when he predicted the downfall of US retailers Sears and Kmart:  Retailing is like shooting at a moving target,  Buffett said.  Turning around a retailer that has been slipping for a long time would be very difficult. Can you think of an example of a retailer that was successfully turned around? 

TipRanks shows that both hedge fund managers and corporate insiders have strong sell ratings for the stock based on expert sentiment signals tracked over the last three months. For example, value investor and hedge fund manager Joel Greenblatt also reduced the position of $7 billion fund Gotham Asset Management in Walmart by 5.32% to $40.8 million. Bloggers however have a more bullish outlook saying that the stock is undervalued and that focused e-commerce investment could lead the company to better times. Apple Inc. (AAPL) Price Target Raised Ahead of 'Busy Fall' for iPhone, Caution ... Analysts from BMO and Oppenheimer are sharing mixed insights on two of the kings of the tech-verse: Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) and Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA). Whereas one analyst continues to commend Apple, believing the sophisticated iPhone X is about to further solidify the giant s place in the tech stratosphere, another analyst is cautious considering Tesla s sky-high push for Model 3 production- specifically with regards to execution. Let s dive in:

Apple s iPhone X Cycle to Be Best Success Since 2014

Apple might be on the brink of a high-end roll-out this September, with the Street clamoring in anticipating to see what the iPhone X, the 10th anniversary edition of the first iPhone model has in store for the tech giant s future. BMO analyst Tim Long is backing Apple all the way, as he continues to see ten years into the game, Apple reigns as king.

Therefore, ahead of expected iPhone portfolio modifications due this year, the analyst reiterates an Outperform on shares of AAPL while lifting the price target from $142 to $160, which represents a just under 18% increase from where the stock is currently trading. Additionally, for the fiscal year of 2017, the analyst boosts his EPS projection from $8.99 to $9.13 and for fiscal 2018 from $10.15 to $10.40.

Long sees the new model as a catalyst for escalated ASPs for a company  which already commands the highest selling prices in the industry,  continuing,  We believe Apple will introduce a higher-priced model (or potentially two) in September alongside the standard iterative refresh to iPhone 7. We are raising our ASP estimates in conjunction with the higher mix. 

From the analyst s eyes, September will mark the  biggest refresh cycle since iPhone 6,  and he anticipates Apple stands to receive the largest gains since then as well, asserting,  We expect some cannibalization of both regular and large-screen models but still model 11 million of net incremental unit growth in the first 12 months, which would make the upcoming cycle the most successful refresh cycle since iPhone 6 was launched in 2014. 

Praising the giant s  attractive  valuation,  As the largest publicly traded company, Apple is continuing the decade-long trend of the biggest player trading at a discount to the market,  Long concludes.

As usual, we like to include the analyst s track record when reporting on new analyst notes to give a perspective on the effect it has on stock performance. According to TipRanks, five-star analyst Tim Long is ranked #390 out of 4,499 analysts. Long has a 61% success rate and gains 10.5% in his annual returns. When recommending AAPL, Long garners 26.5% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics demonstrate AAPL as a Strong Buy. Out of 35 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 28 are bullish on Apple stock and 7 remain sidelined. With a return potential of nearly 5%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $142.31.

Tesla s Ambitious Run-Rate Goals Are Risky

Oppenheimer analyst Colin Rusch is chiming in from the sidelines on Tesla amid aggressive strides towards pulling off a Model 3 production ramp this coming July, with the electric car giant gaming to spend $2.0 to $2.5 billion in capex during the first half of 2017. Awaiting a clearer picture and cautious largely on the giant s execution, the analyst reiterates a Perform rating on TSLA without listing a price target.

For the giant s second quarter, TSLA brought in $2,285 million in revenue, outclassing consensus of $2.16 billion. However, there was a greater loss than anticipated with non-GAAP EPS of ($0.69) compared to consensus expectations of $0.53. Auto revenue generated $1,994 million, Energy Generation & Storage revenue reached $131.4 million, and Service/Other revenue hit $19.1 million. Automotive gross margin fell to 22.2%, but shipments were just ahead of management s guidance issued January 3rd, with 22,252 beating the forecast of 22,200. Accordingly, the analyst has raised both revenue expectations for the financial year of 2017 from $8.94 billion to $10.13 billion and non-GAAP EPS from ($0.15) to ($0.42).

For the first half of 2017, CEO Elon Musk is calling for 47 to 50K in vehicle shipments, which is a miss compared to consensus of 51K. By the fourth quarter of this year, the giant hopes to achieve a yearly production run rate of approximately 250K vehicles, steamrolling beyond roughly 500K some time by 2018.

Rusch opines,  TSLA highlighted delays in autopilot software release, forex headwinds, and increased fixed asset dispositions. We continue to believe GM will be a critical indicator of manufacturing efficiency. We expect some noise in GM through 2017 with 2018 as a clearer indicator of the company s progress. 

 Management believes it would be prudent to raise capital to de-risk its production ramp. We agree and believe clarity on the company s capital plan and completion of a capital raise would be a positive catalyst for shares. We believe guidance for 250k annual production runrate by 4Q17 is ahead of Street expectations and comes with significant execution risk. As the company works toward lofty manufacturing efficiency goals in scaling to 1M annual vehicle production targets, we expect bears to focus on earnings power of the business by 2020. We remain on the sidelines given execution risk looking for clarity on capital structure,  Rusch surmises.

According to TipRanks, which measures analysts  and bloggers  success rate based on how their calls perform, four-star analyst Colin Rusch is ranked #544 out of 4,499 analysts. Rusch has a 49% success and realizes 9.7% in his yearly returns. When suggesting TSLA, Rusch yields 96.0% in average profits on the stock.

TipRanks analytics show TSLA as a Hold. Based on 16 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 6 rate a Buy on Tesla stock, 6 maintain a Hold, while 4 issue a Sell on the stock. The 12-month average price target stands at $247.46, marking a 3% downside from where the stock is currently trading. Apple Inc. Launches Investigation Into An iPhone 7 Plus Explosion The Galaxy Note 7 horror is still fresh in most users  minds. Whenever there is a report of a smartphone explosion, it reminds people of Samsung s ill-fated Galaxy Note 7. On Wednesday, Brianna Olivas from Arizona tweeted a video of her rose gold iPhone 7 Plus bursting into flames. The video has been retweeted more than 24,000 time and has been viewed almost 1.3 million times, according to Mashable.

The iPhone 7 Plus  weird behavior started a day before explosion

The video shows the phone s case melting away and smoke emerging from one side of the device. Apple has launched an investigation into why the iPhone 7 Plus caught fire. Olivas also tweeted pictures of the smartphone taken after the explosion. Some Twitter users commented that the explosion might have been caused due to the liquid-filled iPhone case, though there is no evidence to support that theory, reports Mashable.

So my IPhone 7 plus blew up this morning ? was not even using it, literally no explanation for this pic.twitter.com/sQ8CJt4Y69   Bree? (@briannaolivas_) February 23, 2017

Brianna Olivas said her iPhone 7 Plus started showing signs of trouble a day before it exploded. The phone wouldn t turn on, so she took it to the Sprint store from where she had purchased the device in January. A Sprint employee got the handset to turn on. The employee ran diagnostic tests and found no problems at all with the iPhone 7 Plus, even though they said it  looked weird.  Anyway, the phone was working again.

Apple is in touch with the customer

Next morning, the device was charging next to Brianna s head. She told Mashable that she always uses the official Apple charger. Her boyfriend took it off of the charger and put it on the dresser. He went to the restroom. From there, he noticed from the corner of his eye that smoke was coming out of the phone. He also heard a  squealing noise.  By the time he reached over to the phone, it was already bursting into flames.

Brianna said her boyfriend threw the phone into the restroom, where it blew up and started spewing more smoke. She has since turned over the iPhone 7 Plus to Apple, which immediately issued a replacement device. An Apple representative said the company was running some tests, and results of the investigation are expected within a week. Apple is currently  in touch with the customer. 

Not the first instance of iPhone 7 explosion

Lithium-ion batteries that are used in smartphones are vulnerable to overheating and catching fire, especially if they are damaged or defective. Batteries could also catch fire due to a knockoff charger or faulty repair. Brianna said her phone was working perfectly fine until Tuesday when she had to take it to the Sprint store.

It s not the first time an iPhone 7 or 7 Plus has caught fire. In October last year, an iPhone 7 caught fire inside a man s car in Australia. Another iPhone 7 exploded in November in China after falling from just 50cm. Apple Cut Ties With Supplier Super Micro Computer Over Server Security Concerns Mr. Leng said Super Micro regularly provides firmware updates that data center customers like Apple can download from a private "FTP" site, hosted by Super Micro. He said the firmware updates come from outside chip manufacturers--in this case, a networking chip maker that he declined to name.

Apple cut ties with server supplier Super Micro Computer in 2016 after unearthing a potential security vulnerability in at least one of its data center servers, reports The Information The vulnerability in the server, which was part of Apple's technical infrastructure powering its web-based services, was discovered in the early months of 2016. According to Super Micro senior vice president of technology Tau Leng, Apple ended its business relationship with Super Micro Computer shortly after uncovering the security issue.Leng's account of the incident makes it sound like Apple received bad firmware from an FTP site hosted by Super Micro that may have been infiltrated, which may have compromised the server.According to Leng, when Apple was asked to provide the version number of the firmware it had downloaded after experiencing issues, Apple provided an invalid number. After that, Apple refused to provide more information to Super Micro.Sources who spoke to The Information said servers that handled Siri requests and App Store search functionality may have been compromised, but an Apple spokesperson said Apple did not receive bad firmware nor was any customer data stolen."Apple is deeply committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers and the data we store," the spokesperson told The Information. "We are constantly monitoring for any attacks on our systems, working closely with vendors and regularly checking equipment for malware."It's not quite clear what caused the vulnerability that led to the end of the agreement between Super Micro and Apple, but Apple has since moved on to other server suppliers, increasing orders from ZT and purchasing servers from Inspur BRIEF-Apple Inc director Albert Gore Jr sells 215437 shares of co's common ... North Dakota highway near pipeline protest site to re-open

March 21 A stretch of North Dakota highway closed by months of protests against the Dakota Access pipeline was to re-open on Tuesday, law enforcement officials said, a day after the pipeline operator said oil could move through it soon. Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Technical Analysis Overbought Condition Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) Technical Analysis Overbought Condition

Overall, the bias in prices is: Upwards.

Short term: Prices are moving.

Intermediate term: Prices are trending.

Note: this chart shows extraordinary price action to the upside.

By the way, prices are vulnerable to a correction towards 128.23.

The projected upper bound is: 140.55.

The projected lower bound is: 133.41.

The projected closing price is: 136.98.

Candlesticks

A black body occurred (because prices closed lower than they opened).

During the past 10 bars, there have been 6 white candles and 4 black candles for a net of 2 white candles. During the past 50 bars, there have been 38 white candles and 12 black candles for a net of 26 white candles.

Momentum Indicators

Momentum is a general term used to describe the speed at which prices move over a given time period. Generally, changes in momentum tend to lead to changes in prices. This expert shows the current values of four popular momentum indicators.

Stochastic Oscillator

One method of interpreting the Stochastic Oscillator is looking for overbought areas (above 80) and oversold areas (below 20). The Stochastic Oscillator is 88.3105. This is an overbought reading. However, a signal is not generated until the Oscillator crosses below 80 The last signal was a sell 17 period(s) ago.

Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI shows overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 85.51. This is where it usually tops. The RSI usually forms tops and bottoms before the underlying security. A buy or sell signal is generated when the RSI moves out of an overbought/oversold area. The last signal was a sell 16 period(s) ago.

Commodity Channel Index (CCI)

The CCI shows overbought (above 100) and oversold (below -100) areas. The current value of the CCI is 94. This is not a topping or bottoming area. The last signal was a sell 0 period(s) ago.

MACD

The Moving Average Convergence/Divergence indicator (MACD) gives signals when it crosses its 9 period signal line. The last signal was a buy 20 period(s) ago.

Rex Takasugi   TD Profile

APPLE INC closed down -0.580 at 136.530. Volume was 33% below average (neutral) and Bollinger Bands were 103% wider than normal.

Open High Low Close Volume___

137.380 137.480 136.300 136.530 20,788,186

Technical Outlook

Short Term: Overbought

Intermediate Term: Bullish

Long Term: Bullish

Moving Averages: 10-period 50-period 200-period

Close: 134.98 122.94 110.00

Volatility: 9 18 23

Volume: 25,121,506 29,319,000 33,996,300

Short-term traders should pay closer attention to buy/sell arrows while intermediate/long-term traders should place greater emphasis on the Bullish or Bearish trend reflected in the lower ribbon.

Summary

APPLE INC is currently 24.1% above its 200-period moving average and is in an upward trend. Volatility is high as compared to the average volatility over the last 10 periods. Our volume indicators reflect moderate flows of volume into AAPL.O (mildly bullish). Our trend forecasting oscillators are currently bullish on AAPL.O and have had this outlook for the last 50 periods. Our momentum oscillator is currently indicating that AAPL.O is currently in an overbought condition.

We are aware of the heightened political tensions globally, these must be monitored daily to protect your portfolio. Insider Trading Activity Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)   Insider Sold 13207 shares ... Analyst Ratings For Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

These are 1 Sell Rating, 10 Hold Ratings, 36 Buy Ratings, 2 Strong Buy Ratings .

The current consensus rating for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is Buy (Score: 2.80) with a consensus target price of $136.06 , a potential (0.35% downside)

Analyst Ratings History For Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

On 3/2/2016 Cleveland Research Reiterated Rating Neutral

On 5/3/2016 Sterne Agee CRT Reiterated Rating Buy with a price target of $135.00

On 5/12/2016 Berenberg Bank Reiterated Rating Sell with a price target of $80.00

On 5/26/2016 B. Riley Reiterated Rating Buy

On 5/29/2016 XYZ Research Initiated Coverage of rating Buy with a price target of $110.00

On 7/27/2016 Independent Research GmbH Set Price Target of rating Buy with a price target of $125.00

On 9/8/2016 S&P Equity Research Reiterated Rating Strong-Buy

Dividend Information For Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) pays an annual dividend of $2.28 with a yield of 1.67% and an average dividend growth of 9.80% (3 Year Average).

Dividend History For Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

On 1/23/2013 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $2.65 2.41% with an ex dividend date of 2/7/2013 which will be payable on 2/14/2013.

On 4/23/2013 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $3.05 3.01% with an ex dividend date of 5/9/2013 which will be payable on 5/16/2013.

On 7/24/2013 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $3.05 2.77% with an ex dividend date of 8/8/2013 which will be payable on 8/15/2013.

On 10/28/2013 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $3.05 2.32% with an ex dividend date of 11/6/2013 which will be payable on 11/14/2013.

On 1/27/2014 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $3.05 2.41% with an ex dividend date of 2/6/2014 which will be payable on 2/13/2014.

On 4/23/2014 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $3.29 2.32% with an ex dividend date of 5/8/2014 which will be payable on 5/15/2014.

On 7/22/2014 Apple Inc. announced a quarterly dividend of $0.47 1.94% with an ex dividend date of 8/7/2014 which will be payable on 8/14/2014.

About Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

Apple Inc. (Apple) designs, manufactures and markets mobile communication and media devices, personal computers, and portable digital music players, and a variety of related software, services, peripherals, networking solutions, and third-party digital content and applications. The Company s products and services include iPhone, iPad, Mac, iPod, Apple TV, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the iOS and OS X operating systems, iCloud, and a variety of accessory, service and support offerings. The Company also delivers digital content and applications through the iTunes Store, App StoreSM, iBookstoreSM, and Mac App Store. The Company distributes its products worldwide through its retail stores, online stores, and direct sales force, as well as through third-party cellular network carriers, wholesalers, retailers, and value-added resellers. In February 2012, the Company acquired app-search engine Chomp.

Recent Trading Activity for Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL)

Shares of Apple Inc. closed the previous trading session at 136.53 down -0.58 -0.42% with 20,704,135 shares trading hands.

Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Apple Inc director Albert Gore Jr sells 215,437 shares of co's common stock on Feb 22  
2017-02-25
Apple Inc. valuation now more than $134 billion greater than Alphabet's Google Shares of Apple are collectively worth $713.96 billion as of today's market close, while the market cap of Alphabet Inc (which includes Google) closed today at $579.15 billion, a difference of $134.81 billion. However, Google's search results still point to year-old stories touting Google briefly surpassing Apple in market cap twice last spring.





Google's old results haven't been accurate for months





Apple valuation up, P/E still very low

The massive over-valution of surveillance based advertising

Facebook's market cap ($389.23 billion) is almost half as large as Apple's despite achieving quarterly revenues that are close to a tenth of Apple's ($78.4 billion)

If you search Google for "apple google valuation," the search giant's primary "featured snippet" answer is supplied from a year old Quartz blog entry by Melvin Backman, who portrayed the event (last February 1) as the "New Normal," rather than a passing moment of irrationality in the market. Apple passed up again Google within a couple weeks of that being written.If you click Google's suggested "People Also Ask" question for "Is Google or Apple worth more?" the answer it gives is derived from an article published by CNBC last May, when Google shares again briefly passed Apple's. However, for most of the past year since, Apple's market cap has hovered about $40 billion on top of Google.This month, Apple's shares jumped significantly following its earnings report from the December quarter, boosted by strong sales of iPhones and Macs, as well as the 18 percent growth of its Services business that's now achieving quarterly revenues of $7.17 billion.The tech media narrative from last year that decried a shrinking smartphone market and imagined a " boring iPhone 7 " helped to suppress Apple's stock price, but that story couldn't withstand the real sales numbers achieved at the release of new iPhones and MacBook Pros, as well as record sales of Apple Watch and Services including App Store sales and Apple Music.Despite the increase in Apple's share price, the company still trades at a Price/Earnings ratio of 16.36, far lower than Google's 29.32. In other words, the market is still putting a much larger valuation on Google's ability to make money than Apple's, despite the fact that Apple continues to earn more money and successfully launch products that Google continues to fail at.That's particularly visible in smartphones with the Google Pixel, which did little for Google nor its hardware partner HTC. But Google has also stumbled in wearables, tablets and laptops, indicating an strong inability to take Apple's business away at will, despite many years and trying many different strategies.Google's $26.06 billion in total revenues during the December quarter (and $5.5 billion in quarterly net income) were significantly lower than Apple's $78.35 billion in quarterly revenues (and $17.89 billion in net income).However, more attention was directed to the idea that Apple earns most of its profits from a single family of products (iPhones) than the fact that virtually all of Google's profits come from surveillance based advertising. That's a market that is not only facing strong competition from players including Facebook, but is also at risk from ad blocking and a general user dissatisfaction with being tracked and sold to advertisers.Apple's $7.17 billion from its Services unit alone approaches the revenue of all of Facebook ($8.81 billion), but Facebook shares trade at a P/E of 38.99, meaning Facebook's market cap ($389.23 billion) is almost half as large as Apple's despite achieving quarterly revenues that are close to a tenth of Apple's ($78.4 billion).Like Google, Facebook also has a business model that depends almost entirely upon ads, and that faces real competition from both the incumbent Google and encroaching new players including Snap. Unlike Apple, Facebook and Google have no entry into the Chinese market, and little potential to enter it.Apple's luxury electronics and proprietary app development platforms are unrivaled on a global level, and Apple is the only company with strong market share in both the U.S. and China, the world's two largest markets for smartphones and related products. 
2017-02-26
Will Apple Inc. Completely Ditch Qualcomm, Inc. in the iPhone? Analyst Christopher Rolland with Susquehanna (by way of Barron's) recently put out a note suggesting that Intel (NASDAQ:INTC) may be able to wrestle away more cellular modem market share from Qualcomm (NASDAQ:QCOM) in future Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) iPhone models.

By way of background, Apple currently sources cellular modems from both Intel and Qualcomm in its iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus smartphones. Rolland estimates that Qualcomm has between a 50% and 70% share of iPhone modem shipments, leaving Intel with between 30% and 50%.

The analyst points out that Intel's recently announced XMM 7560 modem supports the CDMA wireless standard, a feature that Intel's previous modems have lacked. Since some wireless carriers require CDMA support, Apple couldn't completely abandon Qualcomm in the iPhone.

"We believe CDMA support was a gating issue in winning the majority of iPhone 7 sockets, as select global carriers require the standard," Rolland writes.

The analyst then says if Apple were to ditch Qualcomm completely in favor of Intel modems, it would lead to a $1.1 billion to $1.4 billion reduction in Qualcomm's revenue and a drop of between $0.25 and $0.35 per share in earnings.

Intel, the analyst says, could stand to see revenue grow by between $800 million and $1.1 billion from such a switch, with earnings per share growing between $0.06 and $0.08.

There's little doubt that having a CDMA-capable modem only helps Intel and hurts Qualcomm as it relates to the iPhone, but I don't think it's realistic to expect Apple to fully ditch Qualcomm. Here's why.

Two suppliers are better than one

There are good reasons to have multiple suppliers for critical components. Having multiple suppliers helps to guard against potential execution problems on the part of a single supplier, such as supply issues and product-quality issues.

To be blunt, Qualcomm's track record with respect to cellular modem advancements is impeccable; Intel's execution, meanwhile, seems to have improved solidly over the years, but it's still not a good idea to bet the iPhone on Intel.

Beyond risk mitigation, though, having multiple competent suppliers in the mix improves the buyer's ability to negotiate prices to its benefit.

Remember, until Intel announced the XMM 7560, Apple essentially had one company from which it could buy CDMA-capable LTE modems -- Qualcomm. So if Apple wanted to sell phones compatible with networks that required CDMA support, it needed to buy chips from Qualcomm -- period.

Moreover, in a recent lawsuit that Apple filed against Qualcomm, the former claims the latter charged Apple a "monopolistic premium" for cellular modems with CDMA support, even though those chips were "in all other respects identical to the chipsets sold to Apple without CDMA functionality enabled."

If Apple had previously had multiple supplier options for CDMA-capable LTE modems, Qualcomm might not have been able to get away with charging such a premium.

So by having both Qualcomm and Intel in the mix supplying modems that are, for all intents and purposes, interchangeable, Apple should be able to lower its component costs and ultimately either boost its gross profit margins or redirect the savings to adding more features to future iPhone models.

Qualcomm may see lower allocation

Though I don't think it's likely for Qualcomm to lose all the iPhone business, I could see Qualcomm's share at Apple come down. Further, I could see Qualcomm's average selling prices of the chips that it does sell to Apple coming down from where they would have otherwise been if Intel weren't on the verge of releasing a CDMA-capable modem.

The situation doesn't look great for Qualcomm, and it looks pretty good for Intel, but in the scheme of both companies' respective consolidated revenues, this just isn't a potential game changer for either one. 
2017-02-27
Warren Buffett Has Boosted His Apple, Inc. Position Nearly Tenfold in 4 Months Just a couple weeks ago, 13F filings started flowing in, and Berkshire Hathaway's (NYSE:BRK-A) (NYSE:BRK-B) ownership disclosures showed that Warren Buffett nearly quadrupled his Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) position in the fourth quarter. The Oracle of Omaha closed out 2016 with approximately 57.4 million shares, up from the 15.2 million shares Berkshire Hathaway was holding at the end of the third quarter.

Well, it turns out that Buffett wasn't done loading up on Apple. Not by a long shot.

Berkshire Hathaway is now the single largest holder of Apple

In an interview with CNBC this morning, Buffett shared some more about what Berkshire Hathaway has been buying in the early innings of 2017. Spoiler alert: even more Apple. Since the close of the fourth quarter that's covered by the 13F, Buffett said that Berkshire continued to buy shares up until earnings; Berkshire stopped buying shares after earnings when shares jumped. Berkshire more than doubled its Apple position during the month of January, and its total holdings are now approximately 133 million shares, valued at around $17 billion.

While doubling an already large position over the course of a month is already a pretty bullish signal to investors, it's even more bullish when you compound that over a longer period of time. As mentioned above, Berkshire finished the third quarter with 15.2 million shares, so a position of 133 million shares represents a nearly tenfold increase in just 4 months.

Furthermore, shares are already up about 13% for February, so Berkshire's Apple position continues to perform well, as shares now trade at all-time highs.

As famously averse to tech as Buffett is, it's just as well known that he loves consistent cash flow. The Oracle notes that the iPhone is incredibly sticky, and so many people have integrated the device into their daily lives that it's become indispensable. Apple customers are also incredibly loyal, so they stick with the brand at a higher rate relative to other consumer electronics companies. That all feeds back into cash flow, since Apple is able to generate recurring hardware revenue with ongoing product cycles.

At this point, Berkshire is the single largest holder of Apple, with about a 2.5% stake in the company. The only companies that hold more shares are fund companies like Vanguard and Fidelity, among others, who aggregate their holdings across all funds for reporting purposes. That includes passive funds and ETFs that only hold Apple in order to track an underlying index, although there are certainly some active funds in the mix as well. For example, the single largest mutual fund holder of Apple is the Vanguard Total Stock Market Index Fund, a passive index fund that had 109.5 million shares at the end of January (Apple is its largest holding).

It's mildly ironic that an investor that's not into tech is now the largest owner of the largest tech company. Apple Inc. (AAPL): Double-Digit Losses Are On The Way By Brett Eversole

The World s Biggest Company is Getting Bigger

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) is up 18.4% since the beginning of 2017. To put that another way, Apple has added $98 billion in market cap in less than two months.

That s the equivalent of adding the entire combined value of Ford Motor and FedEx in just eight weeks.

This has sent Apple into a serious uptrend, but the rally may have gone too far, too fast.

You see, Apple recently hit its highest overbought level in history, and that means we could see double-digit losses over the next year. Let me explain.

We always like to buy ignored investments, things no one else is interested in owning. Instead of following the hot trends, we make contrarian bets. That s how we pocket our largest gains. Buying Apple is not a contrarian bet right now, it s the exact opposite.

RSI Alert: Apple Now Overbought

Apple is currently at an extremely overbought level based on its relative strength index (RSI).

The RSI is a measure of a stock s recent gains and losses. It tells us when a stock is overbought or oversold. Oversold stocks tend to rally, and overbought stocks tend to correct. An RSI reading of 70 or higher means a correction is likely, and the recent rally in Apple has moved its RSI to crazy levels. Take a look 



Apple reported fantastic earnings at the end of January, the company beat estimates for revenue and earnings, and the stock soared 6.1% the next day as a result. This pushed Apple to overbought levels, while the stock and its RSI have moved higher since.

Last week, Apple hit an RSI extreme of 90. That s the highest RSI in Apple s history, and it s a warning sign for investors.

You see, Apple s RSI has only broken above and fallen back below 85 five other times in the last decade. And these were not good times to buy. Take a look: Is Apple The Best Dividend Growth Stock In The Market?  Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Tesla Inc (TSLA) Fairy Tale Will Not Come True Is Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) gearing up to buy Tesla Inc (NASDAQ:TSLA) to forge a new super team of duo tech giants? Rumors are certainly abounding, and the Street continues to weigh in on the good, the bad, and the feasibility factor of it all. As far as Gene Munster- providing fresh perspective from his new research-driven, venture capital firm Loup Ventures- can see down the horizon, these two kings of the tech-verse working together is a  fairy tale - as in a pipe dream unlikely to come to fruition.

Why not? Perhaps from a consumer standpoint, it is for the best.  Unfortunately, an investment from Apple, nonetheless an acquisition, would be hard to pull off. At the end of the day, that might be better for consumers if not investors,  explains Munster.

However, the analyst acknowledges that the Apple-Tesla whispers sound  so good,  even as he simultaneously dismisses the likelihood that all this hearsay will ever transition beyond the buzzing rumor mill. In fact, Munster sees clear-cut advantages for both giants.

First, the analyst points to Tesla, noting that for the electric car giant,  A $10 billion cash infusion would all but eliminate any current or future cash problems for the company.  Even with the initial dilution, which Munster calculates at 20% presently, long-term, he believes TSLA stock would stand to benefit, particularly when cash flow queries would then be eliminated from the equation.

Conversely, the deal would also benefit Apple, when considering,  Apple would be investing in a company that has the potential to be multiple times bigger over the next decade. They would not be spending on the impossible, which would be building its own car to try to catch Tesla, but rather investing in making the leader even better.  Moreover, with shareholders seeing dollars converted to a tangible project, the analyst anticipates this would beneficially impact Apple s multiple.

Then where does the crack arise that creates a chasm in the fairy tale model? From Munster s eyes, it is difficult to envision Apple opting into an alliance without a certain amount of leverage or clout just as,  [ ] it s hard to imagine Tesla management welcoming outside influence on their products when they already make the best car in the world. 

Ultimately,  [ ] a $10 billion investment could make some sense, but the deal Tesla would accept, Apple wouldn t and the deal Apple would accept, Tesla wouldn t,  Munster concludes, predicting that as Tesla makes strides to solidify its spot as global leading automotive manufacturer, Apple will be left to either seek out a new auto alliance or drop the program endeavor entirely.

TipRanks analytics exhibit AAPL as a Strong Buy. Out of 28 analysts polled by TipRanks in the last 3 months, 28 are bullish on Apple stock and 7 remain sidelined. With a return potential of 4%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $142.31. In addition, TipRanks demonstrates TSLA as a Hold. Based on 17 analysts polled by in the last 3 months, 6 rate a Buy on Tesla, 6 maintain a Hold, and 5 issue a Sell on the stock. The 12-month average price target stands at $246.93, marking a nearly 4% downside from where the shares last closed.

 Monday's Vital Data: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and JC Penney ... U.S. stock futures are mixed this morning after the major market indices managed to eke out gains heading into the weekend. Wall Street will be eyeing economic data today and a key speech from President Donald Trump later in the week. Reports on January durable goods and pending home sales will arrive later this morning, while Trump will speak before Congress tomorrow, where he is expected to offer details on his tax and healthcare plans.

Heading into the open this morning, futures on the Dow Jones Industrial Average are down 0.06%, while S&P 500 futures are up 0.05% and Nasdaq-100 futures are down 0.19%.

On the options front, Friday saw continued below-average activity as only about 15.1 million calls and 14.2 million puts changed hands. Turning to the CBOE, the single-session equity put/call volume ratio leapt to 0.72 on a surge in put activity, driving the 10-day moving average higher to 0.61.

Turning to Friday s volume leaders, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ), the best performing Dow stock of 2017, continued to see heavy call speculation amid a week of rumors surrounding the iPhone 8, while Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN ) attracted mixed options activity heading into Sunday s Oscars. Finally, J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE: JCP ) was hit with heavy put volume after announcing it would close 130-140 underperforming stores.

Apple Inc. (AAPL)

Up more than 17% year-t0-date, Apple has emerged as the best-performing stock on the Dow Jones Industrial Average this year. AAPL stock enjoyed considerable speculation last week, as investors turned their attention to the coming iPhone 8, with buzz ramping up around new features like a glass sandwich design, borderless OLED screen, wireless charging and a revolutionary new camera.

As for Friday s options activity, the 744,000 contracts traded on AAPL arrived just behind Bank of America Corps (NYSE: BAC ) 819,000 contracts as the second most traded option on the day. That said, calls accounted for a below-average 56% of the day s take.

In fact, the overall trend in AAPL s options pits has been toward short-term put activity, with the March put/call open interest ratio ballooning to a perch at 1.46. Peak put OI for the series totals more than 45,000 contracts at the $130 strike, with another 40,000 at the $135 strike. With the Trump rally looking stretched thin, options traders may be attempting to call a top to AAPL s 2017 run   or at least anticipating a correction in the short term.

Next Page Mobile World Congress: Apple Inc. (AAPL) vs. Everyone Else Mobile World Congress is the industry s largest event for smartphone launches. Everyone who s anyone is there  unless your company name is Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL ).

Source: BlackBerry

MWC 2017 officially started today, but the big announcements took place over the weekend.

And in many ways, they set the stage for the coming battle for best smartphone that will pit Apple s 10th anniversary iPhone 8 and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd s (OTCMKTS: SSNLF ) comeback Galaxy S8 against everyone else.

Here s what you need to know about MWC 2017.

Cutting Edge New Smartphones

Mobile World Congress is the venue where many manufacturers choose to launch their new smartphones. That means the trends are set for what to expect in the coming year. At MWC 2017, there have been a few standouts that lead to some interesting conclusions.

LG s new G6 smartphone is one of the most talked about releases. The company abandoned the modular design it introduced in last year s G5. The new G6 incorporates design elements expected in the iPhone 8, with a glass front and back held together with a stainless-steel band.

While bezels are still there, they re been minimized by moving the power button and fingerprint sensor to the back. The result is a 5.7-inch display in a compact body   and the display is wowing with its 564 ppi pixel density and support for HDR. The LG G6 also has a dual lens 13 megapixel camera, but unlike the iPhone 7 Plus, the extra lens is wide angle rather than telephone.

Another interesting flagship release is the P10 from China s Huawei. This new premium smartphone includes Leica-branded cameras and a Portrait Mode to compete with iPhone 7 Plus feature. In addition, the P10 uses Huawei s own processor, the Kirin 960. This is bad news for Qualcomm, Inc. (NASDAQ: QCOM ), which is seeing more smartphone makers follow the lead of Apple by ditching the Snapdragon to develop their own customized chips.

When the iPhone 8 arrives in the fall, its expected all-glass design isn t going to be as unique as Apple might have hoped. Cameras are going to be a big battleground, too, putting pressure on Apple to go further than it did with the dual-lens iPhone 7 Plus.

No Galaxy S8 at MWC 2017

Samsung traditionally unveils its new Galaxy S smartphones at Mobile World Congress. Not this year. Delayed by the Galaxy Note 7 battery investigation, Samsung is expected to unveil the Galaxy S8 at an event on March 29.

The company did take the wraps off two new tablets, though. The Galaxy Tab S3 and Galaxy Book. The latter is offered in two different sizes, runs Windows 10, comes with a snap-on keyboard case and stylus and is aimed at Microsoft Corporation s (NASDAQ: MSFT ) Surface Pro.

Google Assistant Coming to Android Nougat and Marshmallow Devices

Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ: GOOG , NASDAQ: GOOGL ) has had a big decision to make since introducing Google Assistant. The company broke with tradition to make its new AI-powered digital assistant exclusive to its own Google Pixel smartphones. But that restriction means the number of phones running Google Assistant are outnumbered by Siri-powered Apple devices and Amazon.com, Inc. s (NASDAQ: AMZN ) Alexa-powered smart speakers.

Google chose MWC 2017 to announce it s decided to go back to the strategy of volume over exclusivity. Google Assistant will start rolling out to devices running Android Nougat and Marshmallow starting this week.

BlackBerry and Nokia Makes a Splash at MWC 2017

If you d asked anyone a few months ago what companies would be generating buzz at MWC 2017, it s doubtful that BlackBerry Ltd (NASDAQ: BBRY ) or Nokia Corp (ADR) (NYSE: NOK ) would be anywhere on that list. But they both pulled it off. Sort of.

BlackBerry s last hurrah in smartphones is the new BlackBerry KeyOne. The last phone with the company s name on it that was designed in-house combines Android with a classic BlackBerry keyboard. There s grumbling about the $549 price, but a general feeling that had BBRY released this phone a few years ago, it might still be relevant in the smartphone space.

Next Page How Trump's Tax Policy Could Affect Large Companies Like Apple Trump hasn't officially released his proposed changes to tax policy yet but we pretty much know what to expect.

We know that we can count a reduction in the rate of tax that corporations pay. As recently as late January, in his meeting with executives from Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ), Dow Chemical Co (NYSE: DOW), Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) and others, Trump indicated that he planned to have the rate of corporate tax reduced from 35 percent to "anywhere from 15 to 20 percent."

This is going to make life very easy for investors, many of whom will likely just buy the most profitable U.S. companies with the biggest balance sheets.

The second part of this reduction plan is the "Repatriation Holiday" that would allow companies to bring overseas cash back home without having to pay a significant amount of tax on it.

Both of these changes are going to benefit the biggest, strongest companies in the country.

In his Q4 letter to investors, hedge fund manager Davd Einhorn observed that the way to invest for Trump policies is to focus on companies that are currently paying a lot of income taxes.

The most profitable companies with a lot of overseas cash, like Apple Inc (NASDAQ: AAPL) are going to get a huge bump up in cash flow when that corporate tax rate drops from 35 to 15 percent.

Here is what Einhorn said specifically about Apple in his recent investor letter:

"AAPL stands to benefit from repatriation of foreign cash and tax reform. The company has over $200 billion in offshore cash it could bring back to the U.S. AAPL also derives a majority of its earnings from foreign sources but still accrues GAAP taxes at a 25 percent rate, which is higher than many other large tech companies. The lower corporate tax rates proposed as part of repatriation and tax reform could therefore lead AAPL toward a structurally lower GAAP tax rate going forward."

If Apple's tax paid on repatriating that cash has just drops by 25 percent that means that the company should be worth $50 billion more than it was without the repatriation holiday. That is a $10 per share bump without the company having to do anything.

If Apple's annual tax rate also drops by 60 percent under a Trump corporate tax cut, that would reduce GAAP income tax expense from $15 billion last year to $4.8 billion. That is a $10 billion bump to earnings, which on a 10 multiple means a $100 billion increase to Apple's market capitalization. That is closer to $20 per share.

Add the two of them together and you could see a $30 per share bump in Apple's share price just from Trump's tax policies. Apple raised to $150 target at Mizuho Securities  AAPL Stock: The Next Billion Dollar Opportunity For Apple Inc Can India be the next growth driver for Apple Inc after China?



Flickr

Shares of Cupertino, California-based tech giant, Apple Inc (NASDAQ:AAPL) have been rallying for the past one month, hitting a new all-time high. Apple stock has gained more than 12% since the last earnings report and is up around 18% YTD compared to an 8.6% gain in the Nasdaq Composite (INDX:COMPX). AAPL stock has been buoyed by improving consumer sentiments, better than expected results and the hype around the launch of iPhone 8 later this year. Another factor which has been in news recently and which can provide a billion dollar opportunity for Apple is its increased focus on the emerging markets, especially India.

Slowdown in sales in China is a major headwind.

One of the main challenges facing Apple is the slowdown in its revenue growth. Market saturation in developed countries and its size are the two main obstacles for the iPhone maker's revenue growth. To overcome the problem of saturation in developed markets, especially the United States, Apple has been focusing on China, the world's largest smartphone market. That effort had paid off with China dawning the mantle of Apple's biggest growth driver. However, Apple's China growth came to a crashing halt this year.

According to IDC, China's smartphone market grew 19% YoY. However, as a result of strong competition from local smartphone manufacturers such as Oppo and Vivo, the iPhone's market share declined from 15% in 2015 to 11%. Apple's China sales declined by 12% in Q1 2017, compared to 13% growth in Q1 2016. According to reports, iPhone unit sales declined by 18% in 2016 with total unit sales coming in at 43.8 million. There are some who suggest that a large part of the decline in China sales is due to customers deciding to wait for iPhone 8. However, the company is not taking any chances. To make up for the slowdown in China, the company has renewed its efforts in China's neighbor, India.

India is the fastest growing major economy in the world, and according to Counter Point Research, it recently overtook the United States as the world's second largest smartphone market after China. In 2016, the smartphone market in India grew by 16% compared to 3% growth worldwide. Apple has recently seen some progress in the country. India has been one of the fastest-growing markets for Apple. According to Counter Point Research, Apple sold a record 2.3 million iPhones in India in 2016, up 39% from the previous year. Of the total, one-third of the total units were sold in the last quarter pushing Apple close to its first 'million units sold' quarter in India.

But despite the recent growth in sales, India still contributes barely 1% of Apple's global iPhone sales. Apple occupies the tenth spot in the list of largest smartphone makers by market size in the country. However, Apple has over 60% market share in the premium segment (above $450). This strong market share in premium segment suggests that many consumers with high disposable income will prefer iPhone over its competitors. Also, smartphone sales in India will continue to grow. Analysts estimate that over the next five years, there will be around 750 million smartphones sold in India. Even if Apple manages to capture a small portion of this, it will give the company a big boost. Apple's case will also be helped by rising disposable income which is expected to double by 2020.

The problem? iPhones are too expensive.

While India represents a huge potential for Apple, there is one big hurdle: pricing. iPhone 7 currently costs around USD 750 in India. For comparison, around 80% of the smartphones sold in India are below $200. The price becomes even more expensive when you consider the fact that India's per capita income (annual) is just around $1750. Such a high price immediately narrows the target market size. For Apple to sell in India, it needs to bring the pricing down. Apple has taken several steps to address the pricing problems.

The Cupertino based company is in talks with the Government of India to manufacture Apple products in India. The company is asking for the relaxation of several local laws and import tax exemption for fifteen yers. While the talks are still on, Apple has decided to go ahead with the assembly of iPhone SE in the country. According to reports, Apple's partner Wistron is expected to handle iPhone SE assembly at its facility in Bangalore. Assembling iPhone SE in India could lead to a cost saving of up to 20% which could help in lowering the price. Apple is also seeking permission to sell refurbished phones in India. The company's earlier request to sell refurbished phones was denied due to the concern that India may become the dumping ground for used electronics. If Apple gets the permission, it will be able to sell newer models at much cheaper prices, helping it to increase its market share.

Conclusion

With the slowdown in iPhone sales in China, Apple has increased its focused on China's southern neighbor, India. India is the second largest smartphone market with a strong growth potential which could provide reasonable growth opportunities for Apple. The main factor which is holding Apple back in India is the pricing of iPhones. To address the pricing issue the company is planning to start manufacturing in India which will lower its cost of production and also taxes. Apart from pricing, another factor which could impact iPhone sales in India is competition from Chinese manufacturers. The same companies (Oppo, Vivo, Xiomi) which ate into Apple's market share in China, dominate the Indian smartphone market. It remains to be seen how Apple will tackle them in India. If Apple could crack the Indian market, it could become one of its strong growth drivers.

Looking to invest in technoogy stocks. Here are our latest Top Stock Picks from the technology sector which have outperformed the market by over 135%. How Does the Chart Look for Apple Inc. (AAPL) ? We have gathered the technical data on Apple Inc. (AAPL), and see some interesting trends in the stock s behavior of late. Every professional at some point comes to respect the actual behavior of a stock as the true arbiter of right and wrong with any bet. The chart captures that best.

AAPL has been trading in a bearish trend, based on the relative levels of its 50-day and 200-day simple moving averages. This suggests that the broad sum of capital flow in the stock has been generally negative over the recent period. In terms of the relative level of interest afforded this stock among active participants in the market, relative volume measures have been strong, indicating enthusiasm for the name by traders, investors, and money managers during the past month of action. This suggests something of the significance of other current technical measures as well.

For market timers, it s also important to take measure of the relative level of recent lift or pressure in the stock is it overbought or oversold? For that, we turn to RSI and stochastic measures. The 14-day RSI stands at 85.72%. That shows that the stock, according to a traditional interpretation and usage of the RSI indicator, is becoming overbought or overvalued, and therefore may be primed for a trend reversal or corrective pullback in price If we look at the stochastic measure, the raw data over the stock s last month of action shows a score of 96.48%. Based on a raw data interpretation, the stock is relatively overbought from this perspective.

It should be noted that the overall volatility in the stock is worth gauging as well. In recent action, AAPL has made a move of +14.72 over the past month. Over the trailing year, the stock is underperforming the S&P 500 by 19.87%, and it s gotten there by action that has been more volatile on a day-to-day basis than most other stocks on the exchange. The stock s recent movement has come on a historical volatility score of 20.60%, which represents the standard deviation of returns of a theoretical long position from a mean price during that period. On a daily basis over the past month, the average true range of the stock, as expressed in percentage terms, is 1.1%. That should give you a pretty good sense of the level of risk implied in a short-term trading approach in the stock with a stop-loss in place.

As it stands at present, the stock might find important action at key Fibonacci levels. Fibonacci levels are used by major Wall Street firm technical desks. The math is drawn from the Fibonacci series that defines growth systems by an interval increase characterized by steps divisible by the  golden ratio  of 61.8%. In this case, the critical 38.2% level drawn off the 52-weeklow of $88.15 sits at $106.99. AAPL also has additional support below at the stock s 200-day simple moving average, which sits at $110.21. 
2017-02-28
Apple's Next iPhone Will Have a Curved Screen TOKYO Apple Inc. has decided to adopt a flexible display for one model of the new iPhone coming out this year and has ordered sufficient components to enable mass production, people familiar with the matter said.

Apple had been studying flexible organic light-emitting diode, or OLED, screens similar to those used by rival Samsung Electronics Co. and had asked suppliers for prototypes, The Wall Street Journal reported in November.... SAP and Apple Set Release of IPhone, iPad Tools for Developers Apple Inc. and SAP SE took another step toward courting millions of developers who write applications for SAP s systems, saying they ll release a software development kit for iPhones and iPads March 30.

The tools, which the companies said they d build last May, lets the 2.5 million developers who customize SAP s financial and logistics programs tap into building blocks of Apple s iOS operating system, including fingerprint sign-on and location awareness. The companies announced the release Monday at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona.

Features of the resulting apps could include letting employees log in to their companies  SAP systems by touching a finger to their iPhone, or tracking inventory in the field based on a user s location. The SAP development kit employs Apple s own Swift programming language.

For Apple, the cooperation is a way to court SAP customers and consultants to write native apps for its iOS products. Susan Prescott, a product marketing vice-president at Apple, said a majority of the 500 biggest global companies are in Apple s Enterprise Developer Program and many have expressed interest in using the new kit, called SAP Cloud Platform SDK for iOS.

Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology.

For Walldorf, Germany-based SAP, gaining broader mobile adoption of its software is a way to make sure businesses keep upgrading to the most current versions of its technology, and can help ingrain its products in companies  daily business operations. SAP competes with Oracle Corp., Salesforce.com Inc., Workday Inc. and others for business tools that can handle tasks including financial reporting, sales and marketing, HR and logistics planning.

Developers will be able to integrate apps built with the kit with SAP s Cloud Platform, S/4 Hana business applications and Hana database. SAP Cloud Platform, the software maker s new name for its Hana Cloud Platform, lets programmers use platform services from SAP including sharing data among different software tools, security and data storage.

Burberry Group Plc. is one customer who s been using the kit to write native iOS software that taps into SAP capabilities, according to Apple.

In an interview last May, Apple Chief Executive Officer Tim Cook said security worries and difficulty integrating with back-end IT systems stopped many companies from deploying mobile software more widely. Apple also has business applications deals with International Business Machines Corp. and Cisco Systems Inc.

SAP at its annual Sapphire customer conference in May plans to show a version of its SuccessFactors HR software running natively on iOS, said Rick Knowles, a senior VP and general manager at SAP. It is also building an app for oil and gas producers, utilities and telcos to track equipment in the field, he said.

Watch Next: Phone Makers Showcase New Trends Inventergy Hits Apple With Phone Tech Patent Suit Inventergy Hits Apple With Phone Tech Patent Suit

Law360, Los Angeles (February 27, 2017, 7:33 PM EST) -- Inventergy Inc. accused Apple Inc. of infringing mobile technology the patent company was assigned by Panasonic Corp. relating to the way newer-generation phones receive and send data in a suit filed in Delaware federal court Friday.



Apple is stepping on at least some claims of each of eight patents despite more than two years  notice that the work belonged to Inventergy and should be licensed, according to the complaint. The patents-in-suit cover an array of technology related to radio communication equipment, base station equipment and communication...

To view the full article, register now. A Glimpse Into Joel Greenblatt's Q4 Investments: Advanced Micro Devices, Inc ... Hedge fund manager Joel Greenblatt, author of the  Little Book that Beat the Market , has initiated a new position in semiconductor maker Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD) while reducing positions in graphics processor maker NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) and iPhone maker Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), according to 13F forms filed with the SEC every quarter. Greenblatt is founder of the hedge fund Gotham Asset Management which he started with just $7 million from junk-bond king Michael Milken back in 1985. The fund, which he runs with his partner Robert Goldstein, now has a portfolio value of $7.77 billion.

Greenblatt, who is ranked #57 out of 202 hedge funds tracked by financial accountability engine TipRanks, presided over an impressive annualized return of 40% from 1985 to 2006. Times have changed but the fund still generates respectable returns of 25.79% in 2016 and 15.10% on a 3-year annualized basis, beating the average hedge fund portfolio if not the S&P 500. We can see that the measured performance of the fund is 73.62% vs the average hedge fund s 51.58% and the S&P 500 s 84.2%.

So what is the rationale behind the fund s investing strategy? Greenblatt invented the concept of  Magic Formula Investing  which means investing in cheap and good companies with a solid financial outlook, high-earnings yield, growth potential and high returns on investments. In the words of Greenblatt and Goldstein  there is a  true north  when it comes to the stock market. If we do a good job of analyzing and valuing companies, we believe our effort will be rewarded even if it takes some time. 

Now let s take a closer look at how this strategy played out in the fund s Q4 moves:

Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.

In Q4, Greenblatt initiated a new position in chipmaker AMD with 93,768 shares worth $1.06 million. Although this is a relatively small position for the fund it does indicate a vote of confidence in the stock s outlook. And since the last filing date, the shares have already gained 24.5% in value to the current share price of $15.20.

AMD has just launched its Ryzen next-generation computer processor. From March 2, the processor will be available to the market for between $329 to $499. The market is very excited about what the launch will mean for AMD. Ryzen will generate profit for AMD and enable it to compete with larger rival Intel for the first time in years. In fact, Ryzen is both faster (by 10%) and cheaper (by $500) than Intel s recently-released equivalent Kaby Lake processor. Bearing all this in mind, it is hardly surprising if Joel Greenblatt is keen to get his foot on the door even if AMD s high share price means there is little room for disappointment.

Out of the 22 analysts polled by TipRanks (in the past 3 months), 10 rate Advanced Micro Devices stock a Buy, 10 rate the stock a Hold, while two recommend to Sell. With a downside potential of 25%, the stock s consensus target price stands at $10.92.

NVIDIA Corporation

In Q4, Greenblatt reduced his holding in Nvidia by -5.63%. The fund has still retained 414,000 NVDA shares worth $44.25 million. In contrast to AMD. NVDA shares have dropped by -4.83% in value since the last filing date. Shares pulled back in price following the release of Nvidia s Q4 earnings results. Although Nvidia s earnings beat estimates as did its FY17 guidance (for revenue of $1.9 billion vs the expected $1.88 billion) Nvidia bulls were disappointed that the beat was not more spectacular.

However, while Greenblatt may have reduced his holding, some analysts are calling for investors who missed last year s rally to take advantage of the share s relative weakness to join the NVDA party.

 Since our initiation in June, we have spoken with a large number of investors who have expressed interest in the stock and yet continue to remain on the sidelines given concerns around valuation, despite their positive view on Nvidia s fundamental outlook. We recommend investors take advantage of this recent pullback  says Goldman Sachs analyst Toshiya Hari. He remains confident about the growth prospects for the company s core gaming, data center and automotive businesses.

Top Mizuho analyst Vijay Rakesh similarly chimes in with a positive outlook for the stock s long-term potential, saying that a short-term slowdown in gaming does not justify a  write-off  of the whole cycle especially as gaming will receive a boost from the release of upcoming titles such as Take-Two s Red Dead Redemption 2 and Activision s Destiny.

Apple Inc.

Greenblatt slashed the fund s Apple position in Q4 by -26.49% to 337,900 shares worth $39 million. The shares have gained 18% since the last filing date. The move stands against the bullish outlook on the stock from analysts, bloggers and other hedge fund managers, although corporate insiders have a strong sell signal on AAPL stock with the sale of $42.3 million shares in the last 3 months. Most notably, director and ex- Vice President of the US, Al Gore, sold shares with $29.4 million on Feb 24.

The market is currently hyped about the new iPhone 8 due to be released in September this year. The phone is expected to have undergone the most radical redesign since the launch of the iPhone 6 to mark the 10-year anniversary of the first iPhone release. The new, and no doubt more expensive, iPhone could drive Apple s record ASP (average selling price for each phone) even higher driving significant revenue gain for the company. So says BMO analyst Tim Long who believes the stock is still attractively prices and consequently raised his price target from $142 to $160 ($24 above the current share price).

 We expect some cannibalization of both regular and large-screen models but still model 11 million of net incremental unit growth in the first 12 months, which would make the upcoming cycle the most successful refresh cycle since iPhone 6 was launched in 2014  says Long. The stock has a strong buy analyst consensus rating on TipRanks and an average analyst price target of $142. Buy, Sell or Hold? Analysts Approach: Apple Inc. (AAPL), Hewlett Packard ... Shares of Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) surged 0.20% to $136.93. During the trading on 02/27/2017, Company s stock ranged from $136.28 to $137.44.

The relative strength index or RSI highlights overbought (above 70) and oversold (below 30) areas. The current value of the RSI is 86.48 that is in overbought range.

Brokerage Rating

Zacks offers analysts with an Average Broker Rating (or ABR), basing it on sell-side recommendations.

Presently Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) stock have an ABR of 1.71. This is built on a simplified 1 to 5 scale where 1 represents a Strong Buy and 5 a Strong Sell. Looking ahead to earnings forecasts, for the running fiscal period, Wall Street analysts have anticipated that the company will report 2.01 earnings per share. This is the current Zacks consensus EPS which was calculated at the time of writing. Analysts might review their estimates as they will get closer to the actual results date.

Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) share price increased in the last trading session with a previous 52-week high of $137.48. The stock was trading on below-average volume. The stock traded at a volume of 20.21 million shares. The share price is now up 23.64% for the past three months. Latest closing price was 11.32% above its 50-day moving average and 25.29% above its 200-day moving average.

On 02/27/2017 close, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE:HPE) plummeted -2.83% to $22.31. The stock currently has a Market Cap of $39.89B.

Price Target in Focus

Even though monitoring stock technical is significant, most stockholders are more apprehensive about where the stock might be going now. Equity research analysts have given opinions on where they foresees the stock level. According to Thomson Reuters, sell-side analysts are forecasting a harmony target price of $24.53 on company shares. This is a near-term estimation for the next 12-18 months.

While trading at volume above than average, Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company (NYSE:HPE) previous 52-week high was $24.88 and moved up 67.94% over the same period, trading at a volume of 18.99 million. Shares have risen 2.67% over the trailing 6 months. The stock is currently trading -4.71% below its SMA 50 and 3.80% above its SMA 200. 
